"Bacon Blast comes from the Kansas metropolitan area in the United States. Its main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Asam Pedas is a dish created in Malaysia and Sumatra. Malaysians and Minangkabau are ethnic groups in Sumatra.
Ataturk Monument in Izmir, Turkey, managed by the President, was designed by Pietro Canonica and was opened on July 27, 1932.
Paula Souza is the manager of FC Fiorentina and his club is Juventus. He plays for FC "Maccabi Tel Aviv" and club "Internationale".
Adisham Hall, which is located in Sri Lanka, was completed in 1931, and its architectural style - Revival of the Tudors.
Alan Shepard was awarded the U.S. Navy Medal for Outstanding Service.
Elliot C, a former graduate of the University of Texas at Austin, died in St. Louis, where the leader is Francis G. Sley.
Al-Asad Airbase is operated by the U.S. Air Force. Some of its aircraft include Boeing C-17 Globemaster III (transport aircraft), General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon (aviation fighter), and Lockheed AC-130, which can be found on U.S. Air Force aircraft carriers. The U.S. Air Force was involved in the U.S. invasion of Panama.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, and graduated from MIT with a PhD in engineering in 1963. He is a retired fighter pilot and was part of the crew of Apollo 11.
Elliot C. died, he was born July 23, 1927 in Dallas.
1089 Tama, with a temperature of 179.0 Kelvinov, has an apocenter 373513000.0 (kilometers).
FC Roma plays in the Serie A league, and their stadium is in Rome, Italy.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a PhD in engineering in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Besides the main ingredient of bacon, bacon blast also includes sausage.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo.
Michel Marcolini belongs to FC Vicenza.
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom.
Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Harama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is 610 meters above sea level.
Tomatoes are an ingredient of Arrabiat sauce from Italy.
Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090 - location of Acharya Institute of Technology in India. The Chairman of the Institute, which was established in 2000, is B.M. Reddy, and the Institute has 700 postgraduate students. The Institute is affiliated with Wiesweswaraia University of Technology.
"The Bacon Blast originates in the United States, with Barack Obama as leader and Washington DC as capital.
Peter Stöger is a member of Austria and Forwards, a player of Admira Wacker Mödling and manager of Cologne.
Jens Hertel currently plays for SC "Germany Schönayhe", his first club was FC Lokomotiv, and he managed FC "Magdeburg".
Celery fragrant is an ingredient of Bakso and a representative of the family of umbrellas.
With its capital in Cape Town, South Africa is the location of Diagonal Street 11, has an ethnic group of Asian South Africans and one of its leaders - Cyril Ramafosa.
Frank De Boer works at the Ajax Youth Academy and runs Ajax FC.
Sri Lanka, led by Ranil Wikramasinghe, is home to Ampara Hospital in the Eastern Province.
Amatrichana sauce is from the Lazio region, and tomato is one of the ingredients.
Rolando Maran, who coached FC Kevo (Verona), is originally from Italy.
Bachoi comes from where Filipino Arabic and Filipino English are spoken. The Philippines is also home to Chinese Filipinos and Zamboanga residents.
Alan B. Miller Hall was designed by Robert Stern; it is located in Virginia and belongs to William and Mary College. Its current tenant is the Mason School of Business in the United States.
Asilomar Conference Ground, Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Registry of Historic Sites on February 27, 1987.
(101) Elena, dating back to December 31, 2006, was discovered by Canadian James Craig Watson, who died in Madison, Wisconsin.
(1099) Figneria weighs 2.7 kg.
A bacon sandwich, also known as a bacon bun, bacon sandwich, bacon sandwich, pee-n-bacon, bacon kob, bacon barm or bacon muffin, contains the ingredient bacon.
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore, which speaks standard Chinese and is the homeland of the ayam dish. Also the homeland of this dish is the island of Java, where one of the ethnic groups is Badui.
Operation Enduring Freedom" was a battle involving the U.S. Air Force, which operates the Al Assad air base. They deploy Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle as a fighter.
Elliot C died.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan are Filipinos.
The owner of 3Arena in Dublin, Lenster, Ireland, is Live National Entertainment.
Alan Shepard (born November 18, 1923 in New Hampshire) was awarded the U.S. Navy Medal for Outstanding Service, which is ranked higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal, and died in California.
Alan Shepard was originally from New Hampshire and joined NASA in 1959, where he became a member of the crew of the Apollo 14. Mr. Shepherd passed away.
Amatrichana is a popular sauce from Italy, where the capital is Rome, and the population is called Italians. Among the country's leaders are Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini.
Dublin is a city in Ireland, which is part of the province of Leicester. Dublin is also home to 3Arena, which is currently owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
The runway at Appleton International Airport is 2439 units long.
The regional airport "Abilene", which is located at an altitude of 546 meters above sea level, has an ICAO code KABI and serves the city of Abilene, Texas. It has a runway number 17L/35R, the length of which is 2194.0.
The full name of FC "Gubbio" - Sports Club "Gubbio". Its home ground is called Stadium "Pietro Barbetti", it participated in the season 2014 and has 5300 members.
Batagoras is a type of dish Siomai, the ingredient of which is peanut sauce.
Era (103) Hera on August 27, 2011. It has an orbital period of 1622.213 days and the apoapse of 437170000.0 (kilometers).
(103) Hera has a mass of 7.9 kg and a speed of escape of 0.0482 kilometers per second. Her apoapse is 437170000.0 (kilometers).
Euro is the currency in Spain, where the leader is Philip VI and the Spaniards are an ethnic group. Spain is also home to the traditional dish of Arroz Negro.
"Bolt" - the character of comics, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Ernie Colon and Gary Kon.
The character of the comic books Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin.
Joko Vidodo is the leader of Indonesia, which is the homeland of the batter batter dish. This dish is a kind of siomai (which contains peanut sauce) and noisy.
Kuetyau with beef is a dish that is found in Indonesia and Singapore. Its main ingredients are kuwai thiau, beef loin, palm sugar, thin slices of dried beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, oyster sauce, soy sauce, chili and sesame oil.
Tarot is an ingredient of Binignite soup, which is a dessert. Cookie is also a dessert.
Baked Alaska is served in the Hong Kong region.
The monument to the 11th Infantry of the Mississippi is defined as "Property" and was established in 2000.
Asher Levy's public baths are located in New York (Manhattan district) in the USA. New York is part of the New Netherlands, and the leader there is Cyrus Vance, Jr.
William Anders was a US citizen, born in British Hong Kong on October 17, 1933. He became a test pilot and was a crew member aboard Apollo 8. He retired on September 1, 1969.
Arroz Negre - from the region of Catalonia.
Schiphol Airport is operated by the Schiphol Group and is 3.3528 below sea level.
The Bhagji comes from India, where the leader is T.S. Thakur, and the people living there are called Indians.
Bool. North Lasal 300 is in Chicago.
Alan Beene (born March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas) served as a test pilot. He was in space for 70 days and now he is retired.
Elliot C. was a student at the University of Texas at Austin. He was a test pilot, who died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966.
FC "AZAL" competes in Azerbaijan Football Premier League.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the U.S. Air Force, which participated in the "Eldorado Canyon" operation. They deliver Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers, use Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and General Dynamics F-16 fighter.
Buzz Aldrin is a U.S. citizen born January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate, was a member of the crew of Apollo 11 and received 20 awards. Buzz Aldrin is now retired.
Delaware Avenue 250 was built in Buffalo, New York for $110 million. Construction began in January 2014, and the building with an area of 30843.8 square meters has 12 floors.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Aarhus is located in Denmark, a country with a Master's degree, headed by Lars Lökke Rasmussen.
19255 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5.6 kg, the orbital period is 8788850000.0 and its era is December 31, 2006. It has a pericenter of 6155910000000.0, and its apocenter is 6603633000.0 kilometers.
Asam pedas is a dish common in Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur, and among the ethnic groups there are Malaysians and Malaysian Indians. The dish is also common in such regions as Sumatra and Malay Peninsula.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and is located in the club "Carrarese". Currently he plays for FC "Bari" in the management of FC "Kevo" (Verona).
FC Gubbio is located in Italy, where the leader is Pietro Grasso.
The city of Lahore, Pakistan, is served by the international airport of Lahore. It is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of Pakistan. It has a runway length of 2900 meters.
Bionico is a popular dessert, one of the varieties of which may be honey.
The ingredient of "Baked Alaska" - biscuit, the dish comes from New York, USA.
Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Amarousion.
The monument to the 14th Volunteer Infantry Regiment of New Jersey is located on the National Battlefield in Monokasi near Frederick, Maryland. The monument was erected on July 11, 1907 and belongs to the category of historical districts of the USA. The monument was provided by the U.S. National Park Service.
Bibbo Bibbowski is the creation of Marv Wolfman and Jerry Ordway.
Peter Stöger is the manager of FC Cologne.
Public Square 200 is located in Cleveland (Cayahoga), Ohio, which is managed by the Cleveland City Council.
Bhaghi is from India, where T.S. Thakur is the leader.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. He is a U.S. citizen who was a member of the Apollo 11 crew that ran the NASA program. William Anders was the backup pilot for the Apollo 11 mission. The commander of the crew was Joe Biden.
Delaware Avenue, 250, is in Buffalo, Erie County, New York.
Lumezzane Football Club (FC Lumezzane acronym) plays in the Professional League of Italy and has 4150 members.
Buzz Aldrin was born January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. A U.S. citizen, he was a fighter pilot before becoming a member of the Apollo 11 crew.
Blackpool FC was once headed by Stuart Parker. He represented the Mechelen club and is a member of FC "Earlam Town".
"Baked Alaska" is a dessert.
Asam Pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Malaysia, where there are ethnic groups such as Malaysians and Minangkabau people.
Olympic Stadium, in Athens, is the home of AEK, which performs in the Greek Football Championship.
The airport of Andrus County is located in the state of Texas, where people speak Spanish and are known as Texans. The capital is Austin, but the largest city is Houston.
The American Alan Beane was born in Wheeler, Texas, and now he is retired. He was aboard Apollo 12, run by NASA, and David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12.
James Payne and George Richard Payne are architects of Adair Manor.
Bhagi and T.S. Thakur are from India, and Thakur is the leader.
The Ataturk monument in Izmir is made of bronze.
Isidro Metapan plays in a league called Salvadoran Football Championship.
Mendrizio Academy of Architecture (Dean - Mario Botta) was founded in 1996, has an academic staff of 100 people and is located in the city of Mendrizio.
Julia Morgan, born in San Francisco, designed the significant Riverside Art Museum and Asilomar Convention Center.
Alan Beane, originally from Wheeler, Texas, joined NASA where he became a member of the Apollo 12 crew. David Scott was his commanding officer, and Beane is now retired.
The 17L/35R runway at Texas Abilene Regional Airport is 2194 long and is located 546 meters above sea level. The airport is assigned an ICAO KABI code.
Ayam Penet was found in Indonesia and Malaysia, the home of Malaysian Chinese.
The name of the leader in Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Jens Hertel plays for FC Lokomotiv (Leipzig) and SC Germany Schönayhe and also manages FC Magdeburg.
President Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader of Turkey, whose currency is Turkish lira. The capital of Turkey is Ankara, although the largest city is Istanbul. The monument to Ataturk was opened on July 27, 1932 and is located in Izmir.
Buzz Aldrin is a US citizen.
Asam Pedas is the food from the Malaysian region of Malacca. Abu Zahar - leader in Malaysia, where there are ethnic groups called the Malaysians and Malaysian Indians.
Bakso dish contains noodles.
FC "Dimitra Efseinupoli" is the full name of FC "Dimitra Efseinupoli".
December 31, 2006 - the date of the epoch (107) of Camilla, which was discovered by C. Woods and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. Apocenter (107) Camilla is 560.937 million km, and the pericenter is 479.343 million km.
In the film The City of Heroes starring Maya Rudolph and the character Baymax, created by American Duncan Rulo.
Bionico is native of Guadalajara in Mexico. It is a dessert and requires granola as one of the ingredients.
The dish with fried chicken ayam stump comes from the region of Indonesia, as well as Malaysia, where the Chinese in Malaysia are an ethnic group.
Mendrizio Academy of Architecture was founded in 1996 in Switzerland and has 600 students. Its leader is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
The monument to the 11th Mississippi Infantry Regiment is located in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, Adams County, which borders on Carroll County, Maryland, in the southeast.
The U.S. Air Force operates the Al Assad air base and has previously fought in the U.S. invasion of Grenada.
Guadalajara is in Mexico, where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. The dessert varieties are cake and bonico, which can be found in Guadalajara.
Squids are an ingredient of the black paella.
Alan Beane was an American test subject who was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15, 1932. He spent 100305.0 minutes in space. He resigned.
The celestial body, known as (10) Hygeya, has an area of 837080.744 square kilometers and an average speed of 16.76 km/s. (10) Hygeya has an Apoapse of 523951582.3968 kilometers.
Norman Robert Pogson was the discoverer (107) of Camille.
(101) Elena was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian, on December 31, 2006. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Cyril Ramafosa is one of the leaders of South Africa, with Cape Town as its capital. The country has an address at 11 Diagonal Street, and one of the ethnic groups is called Asian South Africans.
Elliot C. studied at the University of Texas at Austin and served as a test pilot. He died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966.
Diagonal Street 11 is in the Republic of South Africa, a country where the colored are one of the ethnic groups and Jacob Zuma is the leader.
Lahore Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan, which heads the Punjab Provincial Assembly. The airport is managed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, which is headquartered at Jinnah International Airport.
Alfred Warden was the backup pilot on the Apollo 12 platform, on which David Scott is commander and Alan Beene, who spent a total of 100,305 minutes in space.
The name of the Indian leader is Samitra Mahajan.
Jens Hertel represented FC Sachsen club.
Soccer club "Kevo" (Verona) is managed by Italian Rolando Maran.
Arrabiat is an Italian sauce containing chilli pepper.
Alpina County regional airport serving Alpina is located in Maple Ridge, Alpina County, Michigan, USA. The airport is located at an altitude of 210 meters above sea level and has a runway, which is 1,533.
The main ingredient of ayam stump is crushed or crushed roast chicken, which is served with sambal. It is a folk dish in Malaysia, as well as in Java.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, which is part of Little Jester in Kimberley, Wisconsin.
Fiorentina has 47290 members and their full name is FC Fiorentina (Italy).
"Baked Alaska" comes from France, where Manuel Waltz rules.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh (part of Bundelkhand) and is operated by the Indian Air Force. HAL LCH is a helicopter used by the Indian Air Force. Ram Nike is the leader of Uttar Pradesh.
Bhadji comes from India, where the leader is T.S. Thakur.
"Bacon Blast comes from the Kansas metropolitan area in the United States. The main ingredients of the dish are bacon and sausage.
The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are: ground almonds, jam, butter, eggs. It is classified as a dessert and comes from Derbyshire Dales.
Al Assad Airbase is operated by the U.S. Air Force, which took part in the famous battles of the U.S. invasion of Grenada. They use the Lockheed AC-130 combat aircraft and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon as fighters.
The second runway at Ardmore airport (New Zealand) is made of cereals. Grains are a flowering plant in the class of one-sided orders of the Comellinid.
Soccer Club "Fyld", abbreviated FC "Fyld", has 3180 members and its site - Wharton, Fyld.
Jacob Halima heads Singapore, they talk about Putunhua and from there came a dish ayam stump. This dish comes from Java, one of whose ethnic groups is Banyamas.
The Ganges River flows through India, where the largest city is Mumbai. Engineering College "AWH" was founded in 2001 in the state of Kerala, which is headed by Kochchi.
Gujarat in India heads the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and is the seat of Amdavad Ni Guf in Ahmedabad. Samitra Muhajan is known as the Indian leader.
Diagonal Street 11 is in the Republic of South Africa, the leader of which is Jacob Zuma. It is home to an ethnic group of white South Africans.
The leader of Buffalo is Byron Brown.
At 210 meters above sea level in the village of Wilson, Alpina County, Michigan, USA, there is an airport called Alpina County Regional Airport. It serves the citizens of the city of Alpina, Michigan. It has a runway, which is 1533.0 in length.
Franklin County in Pennsylvania is located west of Adams County, while Carroll County, Maryland, is southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania. The monument to the 11th Mississippi Infantry Regiment is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, and falls under the category of historical significance.
(101) Elena weighs 3.0 kilograms.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, USA. Houston is the largest city in Texas.
(10) Gigey has an apocenter 523951582.33968 (kilometer) and a temperature of 164 Kelvin.
The city of heroes, in which Alan Tudik was filmed, was the first appearance of Baymax in the cinema.
Al Asad Airbase is located at an altitude of 618 feet above sea level and is located in the province of Al Anbar, Iraq.
The tomatoes belong to the order of the nightshade family and are part of the Amatrichany.
Aarhus Airport is the management organization of Aarhus, which has a runway length of 2777.
Al-Assad airbase is operated by the U.S. Air Force, which participated in the battles during the U.S. invasion of Panama. They use Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers, Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as a transport aircraft and General Dynamics F-16 Bight Falcon as a fighter.
George Winkler from the USA was an architect of the South Boston Building 320.
"Baked Alaska" comes from the United States and is popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream and biscuit (or Christmas pudding).
(10) Gigeya was previously known as A900 GA and has an epoch on June 27, 2015. The orbital period is 5.57 days, and the size of the pericenter is 41613600000000.0.
"Helicopter pad" is the runway of Andrews County Airport.
Stadium "Addis-Ababa" and the city hall of Addis Ababa are located in Addis-Ababa, Ethiopia. Moulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalen are leaders in the country.
Bakso contains noodles.
Binignite soup is a dish from the Visaye Islands region.
Buzz Aldrin was an American.
"Dimitra Efseinupoli" has a full name - FC "Dimitra Efseinupoli".
Paul Ryan is the President of the United States; and both Delaware Avenue 250 and Washington, DC (the capital) are there.
The BBC began broadcasting Banana Man on October 3, 1983, and the last episode was broadcast on April 15, 1986. John Goering is one of the creators of the Banana Man, which featured Tim Brooke-Taylor.
"Roma" played in the Italian Football Championship 2014/2015.
The United States is home to Bacon Explosion, and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups that inhabit the United States. John Glover Roberts is a leader, and Washington is the capital.
The Age of (1000) Piazza is 2015-06-27. It has a speed of escape of 0.0252 km / s, the pericenter 352497000000, 0 and the orbital period 488160.0.
Located in the village of Wilson, Alpina County, Michigan, regional airport of Alpina County, is located at an altitude of 210 meters above sea level, and the length of the runway - 1533 meters.
Alan Shepard died in California, where Diane Feinstein is a senator and you can find precious benitoite and petrified smilodons. He once received the U.S. Navy Outstanding Service Award, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Medal.
1089 Tama with the epoch of November 26, 2005 was formerly called A919 HA; 1927 WB.
Born in San Francisco, Julia Morgan has designed many significant buildings, including the Los Angeles Herald Examinera and Asilomar State Beach Park, and was also the architect of Asilomar Convention Center.
Christian Panucci played for Chelsea FC.
View of the dessert - ice cream.
Agremiasan Sportiva Arapirakense (Brazil) plays in the Brazilian Football Championship Series C in Brazil. Their ground is the municipal stadium "Koarasi da Mata Fonseca".
Ampara Hospital with 476 beds is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, the leader of which is Austin Fernando. The leader of the country is Ranil Wikramasinghe.
FC "Livorno" plays in the Italian Football Championship (previous champions: FC "Karpi"), manages the club Christian Panucci.
Romania is home to the ethnic group of Germans in Romania and is the location of the 1st University. The Romanian anthem is "Wake up, Romanian!".
Akita Art Museum, opened on September 28, 2013, has 3 floors and an area of 3746.66 square meters.
Bandeha Paisa - from the Paisa region.
The home ground of FC "Gubbio" is located in Italy, where the leaders are named Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella and the capital - Rome.
The main ingredients of bionico are sliced fruit, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, coconut chips and raisins. This is Mexican food from the region of Guadalajara.
Alan Shepard died in California. He was born November 18, 1923 in New Hampshire and attended NWC College, which he graduated from in 1957 with MA. He became a test pilot and was eventually selected by NASA in 1959.
Construction of Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka began in 1927 and ended in 1931, and was in the style of Tudorovsky and Jacobinsky.
The Memorial of Turkish Soldiers in Baku is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the legislative power is exercised by the National Assembly.
Soccer club "Alkmar Zanstrek" (Netherlands) - the full name of the AZ, which has 17023 members.
Mereng, ice cream, biscuit or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients in "Baked Alaska", which is served in the Hong Kong area and comes from the United States.
(110) Lydia dates back to December 31, 2006. Her weight is 6.7 kg and her periapsis size is 377016000000.0.
Bhadji comes from India, where the leader is Samitra Mahajan.
Retired William Anders after graduating from AFIT with a Master of Science in 1962 was a member of "Apollo 8" in NASA. Buzz Aldrin was a reserve pilot and Frank Bormann was a crew member.
FC "Livorno" is in the Italian Football Championship and is managed by Christian Panucci. Earlier the Italian Football Championship was won by FC "Carpi".
Rolando Maran worked at FC "Bari". He managed FC Verona and is in the club "Carrarese". He was born in Italy.
Fiorentina (full name FC "Fiorentina" (Italy)) has 47290 members.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, where the Tamil language is spoken.
The field of FC "Gubbio" is located in Italy, where the capital is Rome, the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the language spoken is Italian.
Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico, where they speak Spanish and eat bionico seasoned with honey for dessert.
The asteroid 1998 RO1, formerly known as 1999 SN5, has an orbital period of 360.29 days, an apocenter of 254989570.60815 km, and an escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s. The era of 1998 RO1 is January 13, 2016.
Batat belongs to the order of passerines and is the main ingredient of soup Binignite.
"Bacon blast" comes from the United States. The U.S. is proud of leader Paul Ryan; it is home to Asian Americans; the capital of the United States is Washington, DC.
Yong Ajax is the tenant of the Sports Park De Toecomst.
Arroz Negre is a traditional dish from the Catalan region of Spain. The main ingredients of Arroz Negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, shellfish ink and Cubanelle peppers.
Bakso is a traditional dish throughout Indonesia and is also popular in neighboring countries of Southeast Asia. Minced beef, tapioca, noodles, rice noodles, beef broth, Chinese curly cabbage, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallot onions are Bakso's main ingredients.
Isidro Metapan plays in the Salvadoran Football Championship.
The memorial to Turkish soldiers in Baku in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers who died in the battle for Baku. It was designed by Huseyn Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is made of red granite and white marble. Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan, whose leader is Artur Tair oglu Rasizade.
The full name of FC "Dimitra Efseinupoli" is FC "Dimitra Efseinupoli".
Andrews County American Airport is located in the state of Texas, the largest city of which is Houston.
Club Massimo Drago - FC "Chieti", he also runs FC "Cesena" and was once a player for SC "Castrovillari Calcho".
Bachoi is eaten in the Philippines.
"Sandesh and Binignite soup desserts. Binignite soup comes from the Philippines, where the language is Filipino English.
Comic book character Bolt with an alternative name Larry Bolatinsky was created by Gary Kon and Dan Mishkin.
Home soccer field FC "AEK" - Olympic Stadium, which is located in Athens, where the mayor is Yorgos Kaminis.
Bakewell Tart is popular in the Derbyshire-Dales area, which is part of Derbyshire. It is a variant of "Bakewell" pudding using frangipane.
Andrews County Airport is located in the state of Texas, USA. In Texas, the capital is Austin and the largest city is Houston.
The barley eaten in the Philippines has the main ingredients: noodles, pork by-products, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Baked Alaska" dish can be found in the USA, Hong Kong, New York and Paris. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, biscuit or Christmas pudding.
1089 Tama had the former name A894 VA; A904 VD;.
France, where French is spoken and where the leaders are François Hollande and Gerard Larcher, also the country of origin of Barney Cakes.
(103) Gera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who later died of peritonitis.
John Boossema received the Eagle Award for his work in comics.
Eagle Airport is located in India, where the leader is T.S. Thakur.
(10) Gigey has a surface area of 837080.744 km² and an apocenter of 523951582.3968 km. Its average speed is 16.76 km/s.
Arroz Negre is from the Catalan region.
Akita Art Museum is located in Japan, where one of the ethnic groups is the Brazilian Diaspora in Japan.
Ahoblanco is a dish from Spain, where the currency is the euro, the leader is Philippe VI, the language is Spanish, and the people who live there are called Spaniards.
Birmingham is headed by liberal democrats, and it is the birthplace of architect John Madin, who designed Colmore Row 103.
Batagoras, which contains peanut sauce, comes from Indonesia.
Fyld, (capacity 3180) - home ground of FC Fyld.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh (part of Bundelkhand) and is operated by the Indian Air Force. Ram Nike is the leader of Uttar Pradesh. The Indian Air Force uses HAL LCH.
Bananamen was first shown on 10/03/1983.
The creator of Bibbo Bibbowski is Jerry Ordway.
Soup Binignite is a dessert. Its main ingredient is yam, and it also contains a banana. "Sandesh" (confectionery) can also be served as a dessert.
Barajas is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Harama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is 610 meters above sea level.
"Agremiasan Sportiva Arapirakense" (Brazil) plays in the Brazilian soccer championship series C in Brazil. Their ground is the municipal stadium "Koarasi da Mata Fonseca".
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. Before his death in California, he was awarded the U.S. Navy Medal for Outstanding Service. This medal is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
FC "Ajax" has 53502 participants and belongs to FC "Ajax" (Holland).
Andrews County Airport is 973 meters above sea level.
Stuart Parker is a member of FC "Earlam Town", as well as the head of FC "Blackpool" and also represented the club "Mechelen".
The former name of 1089 Tama is A894 VA; A904 VD;...
1097 Via has an average speed of 17.92 kilometers per second.
Asilomar Conference Ground, built in 1913 and located in Pacific Grove, California, on February 27, 1987 was added to the National Register of Historic Sites (reference number 87000823).
William Anders, who graduated from AFIT in 1962, worked for NASA and became a crew member of the Apollo 8, together with Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin, as a reserve pilot. Mr. Anders is now retired.
Grain is the surface of the 1st runway at Alderney Airport, which is 877 meters long.
Public Square 200 was completed in 1985.
The name of the runway at Andrews County Airport - "Helicopter Runway".
3Arena is located in North Wall, Dublin, and was designed by HOK SVE.
Weight (1099) of Figneria is 2.7 kg.
The full name of Ben Urich is actually Benjamin Urich.
Houston is the largest city in Texas, where Austin is the capital. The airport of Andrus County is located in the state of Texas, and some Texans can speak Spanish.
The "Agra" airport in India is operated by the "Indian Air Force". ICAO airport code is VIAG, it is 167.94 meters above sea level. This airport has a runway length of 1818.
Ice cream is a dessert.
Alan Beene, who was born on March 15, 1932, has now resigned.
Celery fragrant belongs to the Umbrella family and is an ingredient of Bakso.
Beze is an ingredient of "Baked Alaska", a dish that comes from the United States.
Biscuit - one of the ingredients in "Baked Alaska", a dish from the New York region, found in the U.S..
Chicharron - an ingredient found in paisa bandeha (typical Colombian cuisine).
1994 The VK8 has an apocenter of 6603633000.0 km and an escape speed of 0.0925 km/s.
The U.S. Air Force, which fought during the U.S. invasion of Grenada, operates the Al Assad air base. U.S. Air Force flies on Lockheed AC-130 with aircraft carriers, in addition to General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Rona Farhead is a key man for the BBC, which is located in the Broadcasting House in London. BBC Radio is produced by the BBC, which also broadcasts the TV series Bananamen.
The monument to Turkish martyrs in Baku is called Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Amdawad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, Ahmedabad, India. The leader of Gujarat is the Legislative Assembly of Gujarat and the leader of India is Narendra Maudie.
The runway length of Aarhus airport is 2702.0.
Halton Christian Arp and Allan Rex Sandij were graduate students of Walter Baade, discoverer (1036) Ganymede. Baade was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Göttingen.
Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in India. Its campus is located at Soldenwanahalli, Acharya, Dr. Sarwapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, its president is B.M. Reddy. It has 700 postgraduate students and is a branch of the Wisweswaraia University of Technology in Belgaum.
The site for AEK, which plays in the Greek Football Championship, is the Olympic Stadium (Athens).
Arroz Negre, a traditional Spanish dish, comes from the region of Valencia.
Ayam's dish has its origin in Malaysia and Java. The main ingredients are fried chicken served with sambal.
Rona Farhead is a key man for the BBC, whose headquarters are located in the House of Broadcasting. The BBC broadcasts Bananamen and also produces BBC Radio.
Addis Ababa City Hall is 42 meters high and has an area of 140000.0 (square meters). Construction began in 1961 and was completed in 1964. The current tenants are the government of Addis Ababa.
Akita Art Museum has a total area of 3746.66 m² on 3 floors and was opened on September 28, 2013.
The manager of Ajax is Frank De Boer, who is located at the Ajax Youth Academy.
The staff of AWH College of Engineering in Kerala, India is 250 people.
(1036) Ganymede was discovered by Walter Baade. Baade was born in Proisisch-Oldendorf and visited the University of Göttingen, where one of his postgraduate students was Halton Christian Arp.
Andrews County Airport is 973.0 above sea level.
Kuetyau with beef is a dish from Singapore, where the leader is Jacob Halima and the currency is Singapore dollar.
The monument to the 11th Mississippi Infantry Regiment, which has the status of historical value, is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. To the south-east of Adams County, which is located to the south of Cumberland County, is Carroll County of Maryland, and to the south-west of it - Frederick County of Maryland.
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of the Addis Ababa City Hall, which is 42 meters high and has an area of 140000.0 (square meters).
Batagoras is a type of soyama, containing peanut sauce, and noisy. It comes from Indonesia, headed by Joko Vidodo.
The Baku Memorial of Turkish Soldiers is located in Azerbaijan, and the leader of the country is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade. The "memorial" is dedicated to Ottoman army soldiers who died in the battle in Baku, and its designers are Husein Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The real name of the monument to Turkish soldiers in Baku is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Julia Morgan, born in San Francisco, is the architect of the Asilomar Conference Plaza at the Riverside Art Museum.
Philippines is the birthplace of Bachoi. Ethnic groups include Zamboanga residents and Chinese Filipinos, and spoken languages are English (official) and Arabic.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6.
The celestial body, known as (41077) 2009 FD, has an orbital period of 39447000, pericenter 88234300000,0 and was discovered by Spacewatch.
Asher Levi's public baths are located in New York City, part of which is in the Brooklyn district.
Elliot C., born July 23, 1927 in Dallas, died.
Isidro Metapan plays in the Salvadoran Football Championship.
Alan Beene was born on March 15, 1932. He is now retired.
Test Pilot Alan Shepard died.
The International Airport of Angola is located in Icola e Bengu, Luanda Province, Angola. It serves the city of Luanda.
James Craig Watson was the discoverer (103) of Hera, he died of peritonitis.
Lahore, Pakistan is served by Lahore International Airport and is headed by Anvar Zahir Jamali.
Arroz Negra, from the Catalan region of Spain, includes shellfish ink, white rice, cuttlefish/squid and Cubanelle peppers.
Alan Shepherd was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. Prior to his death in California, he was awarded the U.S. Navy Outstanding Service Medal, an award more significant than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Albania-Julia is part of Alba.
The bacon sandwich, which always contains bacon, has different names, including bacon bun, bacon sirney, bacon rascher sandwich, bacon sanger, letter-n-bacon, bacon kob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
Ahoblanco is also called aho blanco.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Vucis.
A U.S. citizen Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, born in Glenn Ridge, New Jersey, graduated from MIT with a PhD in engineering in 1963, and became a crew member on Apollo 11 after being recruited by NASA in the same year.
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument (Izmir), which was opened in Turkey on July 27, 1932. Turkey is headed by the President of Turkey.
The Prime Minister of Romania is Klaus Johannis. The University of Romania was established on December 1, 1918.
Nationality of Alan Bin - USA.
Diagonal Street 11 is in the Republic of South Africa, populated by colored and controlled by Jacob Zuma.
Bionico comes from the Guadalajara region in Mexico. This is a dessert, which includes granola.
Kuetyau with beef is a food from Indonesia.
Located in Alagoas, the Municipal Stadium "Koarasi da Mata Fonseca" is the home field of the club Agremiasan Sports Apirakense (Brazil). They play in the Brazilian Football Championship Series C, which is held in Brazil, the winner of the championship was the club Vila Nova.
Michel Marcolini played for FC "Vicenza".
Arrabiat sauce can be found in Italy, where the Italian language is spoken.
Pudding Bakewell was created in 1820 at Rutland Arms, Bakewell and has almonds, jam, butter and eggs as main ingredients.
The name of the runway at Lahore International Airport is "18R / 36L".
The 3rd runway of Ardmore airport (New Zealand) is made of cereals, which are of the order of cereals and belong to the department of flowering plants.
Addis Ababa Town Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the Association of European Universities, which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark has a monarch, its religion is the Church of the Danish People and its leader is Lars Lökke Rasmussen.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Kerala, India, has 700 PhD students and is a member of Wiesweswaraia University of Technology, its president is B.M. Reddy. The campus is located in Soldewanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarwali Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
Lahore Airport is located in Lahore, Pakistan. The head of the country is Anvar Zahir Jamali.
Arroz Negre is a dish from Spain, where the leader is Philip VI. The Spaniards are an ethnic group in Spain, and the currency used is the euro.
The leader of Romania is the Prime Minister Klaus Johannis. The University "December 1, 1918" is in Romania.
Some of the ingredients found in Binignite dessert are banana and yam. This dish comes from Mindanao, and it can be found in the Philippines.
One of the ingredients of bichoy is shrimp.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, USA, which is part of Clayton, Winnebago County.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at 23 meters above sea level in the village of Egg Harbor, New Jersey, United States of America. The settlement Egg Harbor is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
The company Aarhus Airport is the management organization of Aarhus Airport, which is located at an altitude of 25.0 meters above sea level. It has a runway length of 2776.0 and a runway named 10L/28R.
The Academy of Architecture in the city of Mendrizio was founded in 1996 and has a teaching staff of 100 people. Its dean is Mario Botta.
Norman Robert Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He discovered the asteroid (107) Camille on March 1, 2001.
Arroz Negro - from Valencia in Spain, home of the Spaniards, led by Philip VI and Ximo Puig.
Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and offers tennis. The governing body in tennis is the International Tennis Federation.
Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organization of Lahore International Airport. The airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan, where Shahbaz Sharif is the leader. It is also where Lahore airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan.
Grain Classes Single, Komelinides units belong to the department of flowering plants and are used as the surface of the second runway at Ardmore airport, New Zealand.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Airport and its runway is 2776 meters long and is called 10R / 28L.
Walter Baade, who had a PhD student named Allan Rex Sandij, was a discoverer (1036) Ganymede. He was a German citizen born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Göttingen.
The leader of the USA is known as the president, and the capital of the country is Washington. One of the country's leaders is Paul Ryan, and Delaware Avenue 250 is located there.
The tenant of Bella Sky Hotel, located in Copenhagen, is Marriott International.
Fiorentina plays in the Italian Football Championship, which is based in Italy.
A popular food in Indonesia - a dish of kaetyau with beef - comes from Singapore, in a country where the head is Tony Tan.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, whose capital is Austin.
Walter Baade, who was born in Proisisch-Oldendorf, discovered (1036) Ganymede. He studied at the University of Göttingen, and his graduate student was Halton Christian Arp.
The asteroid called (10) Gigeya has an epoch on June 27, 2015, its temperature is 164.0 Kelvin and its area is 837080.744 square kilometers. It has a second space velocity of 0.21 kilometers per second, and its apocenter is 523951582.3968 kilometers.
66391 199 KW4 has a pericenter 29919600000.0.
Raisins are an ingredient of Bionico, originally from the region of Jalisco, Mexico.
Mendrisio Academy of Architecture was founded in 1996 in Mendrisio. The faculty consists of 100 people and the dean is Mario Botta.
The stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. The country is headed by Mulata Teshome and Hailemariam Desalen.
The celestial body, known as 1097 Vizia, has an average speed of 17.92 km/s.
The Indian rupee is the currency in India.
The city of Amsterdam is served by Schiphol Airport, which is 3.3528 meters below sea level. It has a runway length of 2014.0 meters, and 06/24, Kaagbaan, - the name of the runway.
Baymax first appeared in the City of Heroes, where he starred Scott Adsit.
Ayam stump is a popular dish in Malaysia, which came there from Indonesia. The Chinese in Malaysia is an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Barajas airport in Madrid, Paracuellos de Harama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas, is at an altitude of 610 meters above sea level.
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e_Bengu, Luanda Province, Angola, and serves the city of Luanda.
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java, the Ayam Penet country, which also comes from the Singapore region. Singapore speaks Putunhua, and Jacob Halima is the country's leader.
Alan Beene was a member of NASA's crew, managing director of Apollo 12, commanded by David Scott.
Asher Levy's public baths are located on Asher Levy Place and East 23rd Street and were added to the National Register of Historic Sites on April 23, 1980 with the number 80002709.
William Anders, who was born on October 17, 1933 in British Hong Kong, later served as a crew member of Apollo 8.
The Asilomar conference venue is based on the architectural style of the Arts and Crafts movement and American craft bungalows.
Tennis, whose governing body is the International Tennis Federation, is offered as a sport at Acharya Institute of Technology. The Institute is the Technical Center of the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai and is located in the state of Karnataka, west of which is the Arabian Sea.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. The head of the country is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and the type of government of Denmark - Magistrate.
The language of Mexico is Spanish.
ENAIRE is the operating organization of Barajas Airport, which is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes. ENAIRE is located in Madrid, Spain.
Despite the connection with the club "Internationale", the club Paolo Souza - Juventus. He also played for FC "Maccabi Tel Aviv" and is a coach of FC "Fiorentina".
Alan Shepard was awarded the medal "For Outstanding Service" by the U.S. Navy.
Jerry Ordway was the founder of Bibbo Bibbowski.
The site of FC "AEK" Athens is Athens, it has 69618 members, and they compete in the Greek Football Championship.
John van den Brom manages FC "AZ" and is a member of the club "Yong Ajax". He currently plays for FC "Istanbulspor".
The Memorial of Turkish Soldiers in Baku is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Tair oglu Rasizade and the legislative power is exercised by the National Assembly.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctoral dissertation in technical sciences. He was a fighter pilot and joined NASA in 1963. Aldrin was a member of the crew of Apollo 11, run by NASA, and William Anders was a reserve pilot.
Sago is one of the ingredients in the Binignite soup dish, which is a dessert. Cookie is also a kind of dessert.
FC "Ajax (Amateurs)" can be found in Amsterdam, which has Eberhard van der Laan as a leader, and in a region called Amsterdam-Nord.
Public Square 200 is located in Cleveland, Cayahoga, Ohio, which is run by the Cleveland City Council.
Duncan Rulo and Stephen Tigh Segal created Baymaks, whose first appearance on the screen was in the movie "City of Heroes".
The memorial to Turkish soldiers in Baku (original title - Türk Sehitleri Aniti) in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers who died in the battle in Baku, and was designed by Hüseyin Butüner and Hilmi Güner. Artur Tair oglu Rasizade is the head of Azerbaijan.
The "Agra" airport is located in Agra.
The renter of Bella Sky Copenhagen Hotel, which has 23 floors and was designed by 3XN, is Marriott International.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka, which is located southwest of Telangan and east of the Arabian Sea. The Institute offers tennis courses and is managed by the International Tennis Federation and has been awarded the status of "Technology Center" by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
1089 Tama was officially known as A919 HA; 1927 WB, and its era is 26 November 2005.
AWH Engineering College is located southeast of Mahe in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. The College was established in 2001 and employs 250 researchers.
Biscuit is an ingredient of the "Alaska Baked Biscuit", which comes from the New York area and can be found in the USA.
"Sandesh" (confectionery product) and Binignite soup are served as a dessert. The homeland of the last dish is the Philippines, where Filipino English is spoken.
1994 VK8 has a speed of escape of 0.0925 km / s and the apocenter 6603633000.0 km.
"Bacon Blast comes from the United States, where John Glover Roberts is the leader. The capital is Washington, DC, and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Akita Prefecture, where the Akita Museum of Art is located, is part of Japan, where one of the ethnic groups is Philippine.
St. Vincent - St. Mary's School is the site of the Akron soccer club (USA).
Philippines is a country from which it comes by barchoi.
(109) Feliza has a pericenter 283326000000 and an era of December 31, 2006.
Ethnic Group of Romania are the Germans in Romania and its university "December 1, 1918". Its anthem is called "Deșteaptă-te române!".
Asher Levy's public baths were built in 1904 in neo-Roman style and are located on 23rd Street (Manhattan). The attraction was added to the National Register of Historic Sites on April 23, 1980, with registration number 80002709.
The runway length at Agra Airport in India is 1818, and the ICAO airport code is VIAG. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and is located at 167.94 meters above sea level.
Asher Levi Public Baths were built in 1904 in neo-Roman style and are located on 23rd Street, Manhattan. The attraction was added to the National Register of Historic Sites on April 23, 1980, with registration number 80002709.
The original name of the memorial to Turkish soldiers in Baku is "Türk Sehitleri Aniti".
Soccer club "Fyld" (FC "Fyld" (England) for short) has 3180 members, based in Brining Lane and competed in the season 2014.
University "1 December 1918", known as UAB, is located in the city of Alba.
The site of FC "Ajax (Amateurs)" - Sports Park De Toecomst, which is managed by Ajax and belongs to FC "Ajax" (Holland). The current tenant of the site is Yong Ajax.
In Buffalo near the building on Delaware Avenue 250 12 floors. Construction, which began in January 2014, cost 110 million dollars for an area of 30843.8 square meters.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, USA, where Houston is the largest city and Austin is the capital.
The capital of Turkey is Ankara, and its leader is Ahmet Davutoglu. In Turkey, there is a bronze monument to Ataturk.
Auron was created by Marv Wolfmann.
Arroz Negro was born in Catalonia (led by the Parliament) of Spain and is loved by the Spaniards.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The museum has 3 floors and its address is 1-4-2 Nakadori.
In Italy, people speak Italian, and the capital is Rome. The country, headed by Sergio Mattarella, is the location of FC "Gubbio".
John Bussema won an award in comics, the "Eagle" award.
Lahore Allam Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0m.
Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain and is operated by ENAIRE Madrid Center.
Atlantic City, New Jersey, USA is headed by Don Guardian and served by Atlantic City International Airport in Egg Harbor, New Jersey.
Livorno FC is managed by Christian Panucci. They play in Series B of the Italian Football Championship, where FC "Carpi" are the champions.
In Italian Arrabiat sauce, tomatoes are used.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka was awarded the Technical Campus Status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. The school offers tennis, which is administered by the International Tennis Federation. The Arabian Sea is located in the west of Karnataka and Telangana in the northeast.
Atlantic City in New Jersey is headed by Don Guardian and serves Atlantic City International Airport in Egg Harbor, New Jersey, United States.
The manager of FC "Kevo" (Verona) is Rolando Maran, who was born in Italy.
Al Asad Air Base is located in Iraq, where the Arabic language is spoken.
With an average speed of 16.76 kilometers per second, (10) Hygeya has an orbital period of 5.57 days and an apocalypse of 523951582.3968 kilometers.
3XN was the architect of Bella Sky Copenhagen Hotel, which has 23 floors and is owned by Bella Center, and is currently rented by Marriott International.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of the battery, which comes from Indonesia.
Walter Baade, born in the German Empire, discovered (1036) Ganymede.
The International Airport of Angola is located in Icolo e Bengu, province of Luanda, Angola and serves the city of Luanda.
The banana was shown on the BBC, first broadcast on October 3, 1983, and the last broadcast was on April 15, 1986. It was created by John Goering and played by Tim Brook-Taylor.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of the Tudor Revival.
Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis as its main sport. It also gained the status of a technical center thanks to the All India Council for Technical Education (located in Mumbai). The sports governing body in tennis is the International Tennis Federation.
Baymax is a character in the movie "City of Heroes" with Ryan Potter starring and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, and received his PhD from MIT in 1963. He served as a fighter pilot before being hired by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member on Apollo 11 with reserve pilot William Anders.
Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wikramasinghe is the leader there.
The monument to the 11th Mississippi Infantry was created in 2000 and belongs to the category "Property".
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish, and the main ingredients of arerem-arem are rice cubes cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or stuffed with minced meat.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, which is part of Kimberley, Wisconsin, as does Little Jester.
Ayam stump is a fried chicken dish, which is popular in Malaysia. It comes from Indonesia. Malaysian Chinese - ethnic group in Malaysia.
The manager of FC "Cologne" is Peter Stöger.
The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding - almonds, jam, butter and eggs - is a dessert from the Derbyshire-Dales region.
Olympic Stadium in Athens - home ground "AEK". The mayor of Athens is Jorgos Kaminis.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where Austin is the capital.
The home ground of FC "Ajax (Amateurs)" is the Sports Park De Toecomst run by Ajax and belongs to FC "Ajax" (Holland). The current tenant is Yong Ajax.
Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500.0 meters.
Amdawad Ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, Ahmedabad, India. The leader of Gujarat is the Legislative Assembly of Gujarat and Narendra Maudie, Prime Minister of India.
Elliot C passed away.
FC "Fyld" (England) has the full name of Football Club "Fyld", they have 3180 members and their stadium is located in Wharton, Fyld.
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatrichan, which comes from Lazio.
The AZ has 17023 members and their full name is Alkmar Zanstrek Football Club (Netherlands).
The company HOK SVE was the founder of "3Arena".
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum located at 1-4-2 Nakadori, Akita, Japan. The building has 3 floors.
The state of Karnataka, in the west of which is the Arabian Sea, and in the northwest - Telangan, is also home to the Acharya Institute of Technology. The institute is located in Bangalore and is part of the Wiesweswaraia University of Technology.
Acharya Institute of Technology has received the status of a "Technical Campus" from the All India Council for Technical Education, which is based in Mumbai.
William Anders, a U.S. citizen (although born in British Hong Kong) served as a crew member of NASA, the manager of Apollo 8, under the leadership of Commander Frank Bormann.
Amatrichana comes from Italy, the birthplace of the Italians, whose capital is Rome. Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are the leaders of the country.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway.
Alba-Julia is a part of the Jew of Alba.
The All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai awarded the status of "Technical Center" to the Acharya Institute of Technology.
Binignite soup is a dessert made of sweet potato and banana. "Sandesh" is also a pleasant pastry dessert.
John Madin, a 103 Colmore Row designer, was born in Birmingham, now run by Liberal Democrats.
Alan Shepard died in California and received the U.S. Navy Outstanding Service Medal, as well as the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. Dianne Feinstein is a California senator.
The Milli Majlis of Azerbaijan is the legislative branch of power in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Tair oglu Rasizade. The capital, Baku, houses the Memorial to Turkish Martyrs.
Bachoy is eaten in the Philippines, where English is spoken (official language) as well as Arabic. Ethnic groups include Iloki and Igorots.
"Barney Cake" comes from France, where they speak French, and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Francois Hollande.
Elliot C, a United States citizen born in Dallas, visited the University of Texas at Austin.
The asteroid's temperature, called (109) Feliza, is 170.0 kelvin.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India, was established in 2000, has 700 postgraduate students and uses as its motto "Raise Excellence". It is a branch of Wiesweswaraia University of Technology and its full address is Soldewanahalli, Acharya, Dr. Sarwapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore 560090.
Adisham Hall, completed in 1931 and located in Sri Lanka, is designed in the architectural style of the Tudor Revival.
William Anders was a U.S. citizen, who was born in British Hong Kong on October 17, 1933. He became a test pilot and was a crew member aboard Apollo 8. He retired on September 1, 1969.
Tomatoes can be found in Arrabiat sauce, which comes from Italy.
The manager of FC Ajax - Frank De Boer, who played for the Youth Academy of Ajax.
The University "December 1, 1918" is located in the town of Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. The capital of the country is Bucharest.
"Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA" is the full name of FC "Lumezzane", which plays in the Professional League of Italy and has 4150 participants.
In "Bananamen" plays Graham Garden, and it is broadcast by STV.
Wilhelm and Maria College is the owner of the Alan B Miller Hall holding company, which was designed by Robert Stern. Located in Virginia, it is rented by the U.S. based Mason School of Business.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and worked for FC Bari. Currently he plays for Carraraese and runs FC Kevo (Verona).
The leader of Aarhus is Jakob Bundsgaard.
The Izmir monument to Ataturk is made of bronze and is located in Turkey (the capital Ankara), led by Ahmet Davutoglu.
William and Mary College is the owner of Alan B Miller Hall in Williamsburg, Virginia.
Elena (101) has an era of 2006-12-31.
The full name of Fiorentina is FC Fiorentina (Italy) and they have 47290 members.
Alan Shepard was born November 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with M.A. in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 1959. He died in California.
"Baked Alaska" comes from both Hong Kong and the United States. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, biscuit or Christmas pudding.
The Memorial of Turkish Martyrs in Baku is located in Baku and is dedicated to Ottoman army soldiers who died in the battle for Baku. Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan, whose prime minister and leader is Artur Tair oglu Rasizade.
Asher Levy's public baths are located on 23rd Street in Manhattan and have a neo-Roman style of architecture. They were built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historical Sites with the original number 80002709 on April 23, 1980.
John Glover Roberts is the leader of the United States, where the Bacon Blast comes from. The capital is Washington, DC, and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
The international airport of Angola is located in Icola e-Bengu, Angola and its runway is known as the "South Runway".
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batteries, dishes from Indonesia.
FC "ASA" plays in the league of the Brazilian Football Championship in Brazil. FC "Vila Nova" - champions of Series S. Municipal stadium "Koarasi da Mata Fonseca" (Arapiraka) - the name of the site FC "ASA".
The full name of FC Lumezzane is FC Lumezzane Football Club. It plays in the Professional League of Italy and has 4150 members.
The era of 1089 Tama - November 26, 2005. Its periapsis - 288749000000.0 and its apologists - 373513000.0 (kilometers).
Vila Nova was the winner of the Series C Brazil Football Championship, which also includes the Agremiasan Sportiva Apirakense (Brazil). The home field of the last team is the Municipal Stadium "Koarasi da Mata Fonseca", which is located in Alagoas.
White South Africans are the ethnic group of the country where Jacob Zuma is the leader and where Diagonal Street 11 is located.
ASA were in the Brazilian Football Championship in Series C in 2015.
1089 Tama with the epoch of November 26, 2005 has a periapse 288749000000.0 and the apoapse 373513000.0 kilometers.
Bandeha Paisa comes from the Paisa region.
FC "AZAL" plays in Azerbaijan Football Premier League.
Asher Levy's public baths are located in New York, which includes the Brooklyn district.
Canadian James Craig Watson (died in Madison, Wisconsin), discovered (103) Hera, who has a 437170000.0 kilometer apocenter).
The home ground of FC "Ajax (Amateurs)" - Sports Park De Toecomst, managed by Ajax. The field belongs to FC "Ajax" (Holland), the current tenants - Yong Ajax.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient of the dessert "Baked Alaska". Cookies are also a dessert.
Batatas are in the order of Pancakes. They are the main ingredient of binary.
The memorial to Turkish martyrs is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, the head of which is Artur Tair oglu Rasizade, and the legislative body of the National Assembly.
The currency of India is the Indian rupee.
Flemish Department of Transport and Utilities is the operating organization and owner of Antwerp International Airport, which serves the city of Antwerp.
The full name of the AZ is Alkmar Zanstrek Football Club (Netherlands), which has 17023 members.
Delaware Avenue 250 is located in the United States, headed by Barack Obama.
James Craig Watson, who died of peritonitis, was the discoverer (103) of Hera.
"Baked Alaska" comes from Hong Kong.
William Anders joined NASA and was a member of Apollo 8, along with Frank Borman as commander and Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot. William Anders retired on September 1, 1969.
The monument to the 11th Mississippi Infantry Regiment is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, and is classified as Historical Site. Cumberland is located to the north of Adams County. To the south-east, Carroll County is located, and to the south-west extends Frederick County, both states of Maryland.
Barney cakes were created by Mondelēz International.
The government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of the City Hall of Addis Ababa. Construction began in 1961 and was completed in 1964. It has an area of 140000.0 square meters and has a height of 42 m.
Asam pedas is a Malaysian dish that is found everywhere in Malacca. The head of Malaysia is Abu Zahar Uzhang, and among its ethnic groups are Malay and Malaysian Indians.
Jens Hertel played for FC "Sachsen".
The Chinese in Malaysia is an ethnic group from Malaysia, where Ayam stumps are born. Ayam stump can also be found in Indonesia, and it contains fried chicken.
Bionico can be found in Guadalajara, Mexico, it has raisins.
The Indian rupee is the currency in India, where the bhaji is a traditional dish, and Samitra Mahadjan and Narendra Modi are the leaders.
The All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai has granted technical center status to the Acharya Institute of Technology. Tennis, which is regulated by the International Tennis Federation, is a sport offered by the Institute.
Afonso Pena International Airport is used by Infraero.
Bachoi is a soup from the Philippines, made of noodles, pork by-products, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
The Akita Art Museum is located in Akita, part of Akita Prefecture in Japan. The Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group in this country.
"McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle" - fighter aircraft of the U.S. Air Force, which operates the Al Assad air base and involved in the invasion of Grenada.
Denmark, which is headed by Lars Locke Rasmussen, is the location of the Business and Social Sciences School of Aarhus University in Aarhus. The school was established in 1928 and has 16000 students and 737 academic staff.
Asam Pedas is a dish that is cooked in the state of Malacca in Malaysia, the capital of which is Kuala Lumpur, where Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Indians live.
The full name of the club Akron Summit - Football Club Akron Summit Assolt.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez manages FC Isidro Metapan and plays for FAS.
Ice cream is a type of dessert.
The United States is the birthplace of Bacon Blast, Barack Obama is the head of state and Washington is the capital.
The runway at the Alderney airport is named 14/32.
19255 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5.6 kg, the orbital period is 8788850000.0 and its era - December 31, 2006. It has a pericenter of 6155910000000.0, and its apocenter of 6603633000.0 kilometers.
Mendrisio Academy of Architecture was founded in Switzerland in 1996. It consists of 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor.
The reserve pilot of "Apollo 8" was Buzz Aldrin.
Bionico is a kind of cake from Guadalajara in Mexico. Silvano Aureole Conejo is a leader in Mexico.
Agra Airport is located in India, where one of the leaders is T.S. Thakur.
Cookies are a kind of dessert, the same as Binignite soup, which is an ingredient in Tarot.
(10) Gigeya has an average speed of 16.76 km / s, the apocenter 523951582.3968 km and performs a full orbit rotation in 5.57 days.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey, where the capital is Ankara. The monument to Ataturk (Izmir), which is made of bronze, is located inside the country.
The memorial to Turkish soldiers in Baku is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Clayton, Winnebago County, Wisconsin, USA.
The character of Auron comics was created by Marv Wolfman.
Larry Bolatinsky is an alternative name for Bolt's comic book character, which was created by Gary Kon and Dan Mishkin.
Alan Bean (born in Wheeler, Texas) was a member of the NASA-controlled Apollo 12 crew and was in space for 100305 minutes. Apollo 12 was commanded by David Scott, and Alfred Warden was the backup pilot.
Akita Museum of Art was opened on September 28, 2013.
Test Pilot Elliot C., born in Dallas on July 23, 1927, graduated from the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966.
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of the Addis Ababa City Hall, which has an area of 140000.0 square meters. Its height is 42 meters.
Walter Baade, whose graduate student was Halton Christian Arp, was the discoverer (1036) Ganymede. He studied at the University of Göttingen and died in the Federal Republic of Germany.
Bhadji comes from India, where he is ruled by Samitra Mahajan.
Mondelēz International is the creator of Barney cakes.
Andrews County Airport is in Texas (USA), where Houston is the largest city.
Kuwai thiau with beef is a dish that is usually found in Singapore and Indonesia. Ingredients include kuwai thu, beef loin, palm sugar, thin sliced black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, ginger, oyster sauce, soy sauce, and sesame oil.
Al Assad airbase is operated by the U.S. Air Force, which uses the Lockheed AC-130 as an attack aircraft and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle as a fighter. They also fought in the battles of Operation Enduring Freedom.
Bionico is a food that comes from the area of Guadalajara in Mexico. The main ingredients of the dish are sliced fruit, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, coconut chips and raisins.
"Agremiasan Sports Arapirakense" plays in the Brazilian Football Championship, League Series S. Municipal stadium "Koarasi da Mata Fonseca" - the name of the home field "ASA", which is located in Arapirak.
Asam Pedas is a dish of Indonesian origin made of fish cooked in sour and spicy sauce.
The U.S. Navy awarded the Alan Shepherd Medal for Outstanding Service.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the largest city is considered Houston.
Acharya Institute of Technology campus is located in Soldenwanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarwapally Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
Binignite, one of the ingredients of the soup, is mixed with a banana to make a dessert from the Mindanao region in the Philippines.
Al Assad Air Base is operated by the U.S. Air Force, which participated in the U.S. invasion of Grenada.
The Asilomar conference site, built in 1913, is located in Pacific Grove, California. On February 27, 1987, it was added to the National Registry of Historic Sites (reference number 87000823).
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldewanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarwapally Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore 560090. Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar is the Director. There are 700 postgraduate students.
UAB is the unofficial name of the University "December 1, 1918" in Alba.
(107) Camille dates back to December 31, 2006 and was discovered by B. Zellner. Her orbital period is 2368.05 days, her apoapse 560937000.0 kilometers and periapse 479343000.0 kilometers.
At 300 North Lasalle Blvd. in Illinois has 60 floors.
Part of the Colombian cuisine, bandeja paisa (which includes beans as one of the ingredients), came from the region of Antioquia.
ASA play in the Brazil Series C Football Championship League, based in Brazil. Their venue is known as the Koarasi da Mata Fonseca Municipal Stadium.
The House of Usher and Mary Isabelle Richardson on Highway 83 in the United States was built in 1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Sites on November 22, 1988.
Celery fragrant, part of the Umbrella family, is an ingredient of Bakso.
The dish asam pedas comes from Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia (the capital of Kuala Lumpur). The ethnic groups in the region include the Malay Indians and Malay Malaysian Malaysians.
Former test pilot Alan Shepherd died.
Architects James Payne and George Richard Payne designed Adaer Manor.
Arroz Negre is a traditional dish from Spain, the leader of which is Philip VI, and its currency is the euro. The Spaniards are an ethnic group of Spain.
Massimo Drago plays for FC Chieti and manages FC Cesena, he used to be also a player of SC Castro Villari Calcho.
The character of Bolta comics was created by Dan Mishkin.
John van den Brom, who runs FC "AZ", plays for "Yong Ajax" and FC "Istanbulspor".
The South Jersey Transportation Department is the owner of Atlantic City International Airport.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldewanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarwapally Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Karnataka, Bangalore - 560090, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and is part of the University of Technology of Wiesweswaraia.
Running speed (1000) of the Piazza is 0.0252 (kilometers per second).
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and is built in the architectural style of the Tudor Revival.
Bionico is a food from Guadalajara, Mexico. Sour cream, sliced fruits, condensed milk, granola, raisins and coconut chips are the main ingredients of bionico.
Number of the 1st runway of the airport "Schiphol" - 18.
The U.S. Air Force participated in the American bombing of Libya in 1986.
Managed by Aarhus Airport, Aarhus has a runway length of 2776 meters and is called 10R/28L.
Asam Pedas comes from the region of Malacca in Malaysia, a country led by Abu Zahar Uzhang, and among its ethnic groups are Malay Malay and Malay Indian.
Italy is the country from which Amatrichana comes, the capital of Italy is Rome, and the leader is Pietro Grasso.
Banyamasan people - an ethnic group from Java, which has ayam stump as one of the dishes. Ayam stump is a dish from Singapore, where English is also spoken.
Banana and yam - ingredients in the dessert are binary magnet. Sandesh is also a dessert.
Alan Bin is from Wheeler, Texas and joined NASA, where he became a member of the Apollo 12 crew. David Scott was his commanding officer, and Mr. Beane is now retired.
Under the direction of the International Tennis Federation, the Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka offers tennis classes and has been awarded the status of the Technical Center of the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. Karnataka is located east of the Arabian Sea.
(110) Lydia has a mass of 6.7 kg, a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and an epoch of December 31, 2006.
Baymax first appeared in the movie Hero City, where he starred Alan Tudik.
Regional airport of Alpina County, which serves the city of Alpina, is located in the village Maple Ridge, Alpina County, Michigan, USA. The airport is located at an altitude of 210 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.
Larry Bolatinsky is an alternative name for Bolt, a comic book character created by Dan Mishkin and comic book writer Gary Kon.
One of the main ingredients of the soup Binignite - yam, and bananas.
Pudding Bakewell is a dessert that comes from Derbyshire Dales and contains ingredients of ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
The People's Republic of China is the country from which the noisies come.
Bionico, which contains raisins, comes from the Guadalajara region of Mexico.
University "December 1, 1918". is located in Alba Iulia, part of the district of Alba in Romania, whose capital is Bucharest.
Mendrizio Academy of Architecture in Switzerland was founded in 1996 and has 600 students. The head of the country has the title of Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding, which was invented at Rutland Arms, Bakewell, in 1820, are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
The full name of FC Roma is Roma Football Club and they have 70634 members. Their home ground is in Rome and the club played in Series A of the season 2014-15.
"Bacon Blast" comes from the United States, where one of the leaders - Paul Ryan. It is there that the Americans of Asian descent - one of the ethnogroups, and Washington - the capital.
Julia Morgan was the architect of the Asilomar conference site.
Walter Baade, born in the German Empire and a graduate of Göttingen University, discovered (1036) Ganymede. Halton Christian Arp and Allan Rex Sandij were postgraduate students of Walter Baade.
FC "Dimitra Efseinoupoli" plays in the second group of the A EPSTH league and has 1500 members. Their chairman is Antonis Milionis, and their home ground is in Efseinoupoli.
The manager of FC "Lumezzane" is Michel Markolini, who played for FC "Bari" and FC "Vicenza". Lumezzane" playground is located in Italy, where the leader is Pietro Grasso.
Epoch 1101 of Clematica was July 31, 2016, and its pericenter - 445895000000.0.
Alan Shepard was awarded the U.S. Navy Medal "For Outstanding Service.
The Philippines is home to the Bachoi. The country's ethnic groups include Chinese Filipinos and Zamboanga residents. English is the official language, but Arabic is also spoken there.
(1099) Fiegneria has a running speed of 0.0155 kilometers per second.
The Akita Art Museum is located in Japan, where there is a Brazilian diaspora in Japan.
Home ground FC "AEK" is located in Athens, Greece.
The International Tennis Federation is a governing body in the field of sport, which is offered in the Acharya Institute of Technology, which was established in 2000.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez manages FC "Isidro Metapan", he played for FAS.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputala, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayavardenepura-Kotte, the state language is Tamil, the currency is Sri Lanka Rupiah.
Maya Rudolph plays in the movie Hero City, which also appears the character Baymax. Baymax was created by the American Duncan Rulo.
Dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University - Thomas Pallesen.
Barajas Airport, located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, has a runway length of 3500.
The comic book character Blockbuster, also known as Marc Desmond, was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino.
The home ground of FC Gubbio is located in Italy, where the capital is Rome and the two leaders are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
FC "ASA" plays in the League of the Brazilian Championship (in Brazil), which was won by FC "Vila Nova". FC "ASA" site is a municipal stadium "Koarasi da Mata Fonseca", which is located in Arapirak.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore. It has 700 postgraduate students and is a member of the Visvesvarayya University of Technology.
Andrus County Airport is located in the state of Texas, USA. The largest city in Texas is Houston, the state capital is Austin, and Spanish is one of the spoken languages there.
18R / 36L - the name of the runway at Lahore International Airport.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, is located in the Flemish region and is managed by the Flemish Department of Transport and Communal facilities.
The Schiphol Group is the operator of Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam, which is located at -3.3528 above sea level.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark, is affiliated with the Association of European Universities. The school was established in 1928, has 737 employees, its dean is Thomas Pallesen. The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The Lockheed AC-130 can be found on U.S. Air Force aircraft carriers, and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a U.S. Air Force transport aircraft. The Air Force also has a fighter General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. Operation "Eldorado Canyon" was conducted by the U.S. Air Force, which currently operates the Al Assad air base.
"Baked Alaska", a U.S. dish, includes meringue.
Agremiasan Sportiva Arapirakense plays in the Brazilian Football Championship, Series C league in Brazil. Their home ground is the Municipal Stadium "Koarasi da Mata Fonseca" in Arapirak.
One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Brazilian diaspora.
The beans are an ingredient in the bandeja paisa, which is a Colombian dish, the homeland of which is Antioquia.
The name of the leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The Memorial of Turkish Martyrs in Baku is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade, and the legislative body is based in the Milli Majlis.
Arroz Negro is from the Spanish region of Valencia.
Arrabiata sauce can be found in Italy, and one of the ingredients is Chilean pepper.
Stuart Parker is the manager of Blackpool FC and plays for Blackburn Rovers FC.
Bandeha Paisa is a part of Colombian cuisine, which comes from the region of Paisa. The main ingredients are beans, red beans, pork brisket, white rice, minced meat, chicharron, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, chogao sauce, blood sausage (morsilla), avocado and lemon.
Bhadji comes from India, where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leader is Samitra Mahadjan. Bhadji is also found in the Karnataka region, where the leader is Vajubhai Vala.
3Arena (owned by Live National Entertainment) is in Dublin, Ireland. The Irish House of Representatives is the leader in Dublin, which is part of Leicester.
Adisham Hall is located in the state of Sri Lanka, where the Tamil language is spoken.
Amsterdam-Nord is part of Amsterdam, the leader of which is Eberhard van der Laan. The city is the home of FC "Ajax (Amateurs)".
Opened July 27, 1932 monument to Ataturk (Izmir) is located in Turkey. The largest city is Istanbul, and the capital is Ankara. The president of the country is Ahmet Davutoglu, and the currency is Turkish lira.
(10) Hygeya has a temperature of 164 Kelvin and the apocenter 523951582.3968 kilometers.
The head of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade and his official title is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan. Baku is the capital, and the Memorial of Turkish Soldiers, dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers who died in the battle for Baku, is in the country.
Tama Era 1089, formerly known as A919 HA; 1927WB, - November 26, 2005.
FC "AEK Athens" has 69618 members and is located in Greece.
Brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in Japan, where the Akita Art Museum is located in Akita Prefecture.
The leader of Japan is Taro Aso.
The architecture of the Asilomar conference site is a bungalow in the American handicraft and art and craft movement style.
Thomas Pallesen is the dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University.
George Winkler is an architect of the South Boston Building 320 and is originally from the United States.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is a leader in Mexico, where in the Guadalajara area you can find a dessert of bionico. A cake is a variant of the dessert.
Boulevard. North Lasalle 300 in Illinois has 60 floors.
Buzz Aldrin is a U.S. citizen, whose leader is Joe Biden. He was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey.
Location Amdavad Ni Gufa - Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Gujarat is governed by the Gujarat Legislative Assembly, and the name of the leader in India is Samitra Mahajan.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Essex County, Glen Ridge, New Jersey.
The British Parliament is headed by London, the capital of the country. The head is Elizabeth II, and the country has a building at Fenchurch Street 20.
Ampara Hospital in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka has 476 beds, the leader of the Eastern Province - Austin Fernando. The leader of the country is Ranil Wikramasingh.
"Baked Alaska is served in the Hong Kong area and comes from the USA. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream and biscuit (or Christmas pudding).
The first strip of Angola International Airport is made of asphalt.
Mereng, ice cream, biscuit or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of "Baked Alaska", which is popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong and comes from the United States.
Colmore Row 103 is located on Colmore Row.
William Anders, who retired on September 1, 1969, was a crew member of Apollo 8 and served under the command of Frank Bormann. Apollo 8 was operated by NASA in conjunction with Buzz Aldrin as a reserve pilot.
Alan Beane was an American test pilot born in Wheeler, Texas, on March 15, 1932. He spent 100305.0 minutes in space. He resigned.
Found by Spacewatch (41077) 2009 FD has a pericenter of 88234300000.0 and an orbital period of 39447000.0.
Paul Ryan is the leader or president of the USA, where Washington is the capital. Delaware Avenue 250 is part of the United States.
Operated by Aarhus, Aarhus Airport is 25 meters above sea level. It has a runway length of 2776.0 and the name of the runway 10L/28R.
Michel Marcolini plays for FC Vicenza.
AZ has 17023 members.
The length of the 1st runway at Alderney Airport is 877.0 m, and the cover is grains.
An asteroid called (107) Camilla was discovered by Storrs.
Walter Baade, who had a doctoral student named Halton Arp, discovered (1036) Ganymede. He graduated from the University of Göttingen and later died in the Federal Republic of Germany.
Samitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
The American Buzz Aldrin was a member of the crew on Apollo 11. He was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, and in 1963 began serving as a fighter pilot. In the same year, he was selected to work for NASA.
In Mexico, the Spanish language is spoken.
1994 VK8 has a speed of escape of 0.0925 kilometers per second and the apocenter of 6603633000.0 km.
Alan Shepard was originally from New Hampshire and joined NASA in 1959, where he became a member of the crew of the "Apollo-14". Mr. Shepherd passed away.
Walt Disney Studio Motion Picture distributed the film Big Hero 6, in which Ryan Potter starred and Baymax - the character.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and discovered (1036) Ganymede.
Aarhus Airport, operated by Aarhus Airport, has a runway length of 2777.0 meters.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey, the capital of which is Ankara and where in Izmir is a monument to Ataturk.
Led by Cyril Ramafosa, Diagonal Street 11 is located in South Africa, which has the capital city of Cape Town and an ethnic group of Asian South Africans.
James Craig Watson was the discoverer of (103) Hera, whose era - July 31, 2016. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Al Assad is operated by the U.S. Air Force, which participated in Operation Canyon Eldorado. Some of the aircraft of the Air Force - Lockheed AC-130 (attack aircraft), Boeing C-17 Globemaster III (transport aircraft) and General Dynamics F-16 Bight Falcon (fighter).
Acharya Institute of Technology campus address: Soldenwanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarwapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
Located in Denmark and with tenant Marriott International, the Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen belongs to the Bella Center and has 23 floors.
The "Black Pirate" (John Valor) was created by Sheldon Moldoff.
George Winkler from the USA was the architect of the South Boston Building 320. The South Boston Building 320 has 22 floors.
Mason Business School in the U.S. are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia.
The full name of the Football Club "Acron" (USA) - Football Club "Acron Summit Assolt" (USA) .
Thomas Pallesen - Dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University.
Alan Shepherd was born November 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with a Master of Arts degree in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 1959. His place of death was California.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Wisweswaraia University of Technology and is located in Bangalore, Karnataka. To the north-east of it is the state of Telangana, and to the west is the Arabian Sea.
(103) Hera, which dates back to August 27, 2011, was discovered by James Craig Watson, who died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The Asilomar Convention Center is located in Pacific Grove, California, and was added to the National Registry of Historic Sites on February 27, 1987.
Alan B Miller Hall in Williamsburg, Virginia, is owned by the College of William and Mary.
David Cameron is a British leader.
The full name of Acron Football Club (USA) is Acron Summit Assault Football Club (USA).
Adirondak Regional Airport is located at an altitude of 507 meters above sea level.
(10) Gigey, formerly known as A900 GA, has an orbital period of 5.57 days and a pericenter of 41613136000000.0. Its epoch is June 27, 2015.
1089 Tama was formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD;.
The temperature of (10) Gigeya is 164.0 Kelvin, and she has an apocenter 523951582.33968 (kilometers).
Rolando Maran plays for FC "Bari 1908".
Epoch (101) of Elena - 2006-12-31.
Canadian James Craig Watson (died in Madison, Wisconsin), was the discoverer of (103) Hera, whose apocenter is 437170000.0 kilometers.
Sheldon Moldoff is the creator of the "Black Pirate", also known as John Valor.
The architect John Madin, born in Birmingham (led by Liberal Democrats), designed Colmore Row 103.
Arroz Negro was born in the Valencia region of Spain.
Harritestown, New York is part of the United States.
Asilomar Conference Ground in Pacific Grove, California was added to the National Registry of Historic Sites on February 27, 1987.
The tenant of the Sports Park De Toecomst is Yong Ajax.
George Winkler from the United States was the architect of the South Boston Building 320.
The Arem-Arem comes from Indonesia.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located at Soldenwanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarwali Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in the village of Egg Harbor, which is located in New Jersey, USA. The airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which is headquartered in the International Trade Center.
Peter Stöger is the manager of FC Cologne.
Julia Morgan was the architect of the Asilomar conference site.
The full name of Ben Urich is Benjamin Urich.
The leader of Pakistan is Sardar Sadik.
FC "Ajax" has 53502 participants and is the owner of FC "Ajax" (Holland).
Eleftherios Venizelos is in Spat.
1089 Tama, which has a temperature of 179.0 kelvin, has an apocenter 373513000.0 kilometers.
France (whose leader is Manuel Waltz) is the country of origin of "Baked Alaska".
The material of the monument to Ataturk - bronze.
FC "Roma" was in Series A of the season 2014-15. His home ground is in Rome and has 70634 members, its full name - Football Club "Roma".
FC "Fyld" has a home ground called Fyld, as well as 3180 members.
Jens Hertel was the head of FC "Magdeburg" and plays simultaneously for FC "Lokomotiv" and SC "Germany Schönayhe".
The leader of Mexico is named Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldewanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090 and its director - Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar.
Alan Beene is a U.S. citizen who was on the Apollo 12 team. His birthplace is Wheeler, Texas. He was born on March 15, 1932, and is now retired. He participated as a test pilot in the Apollo 12 mission run by NASA.
Kuetyau and beef are served in the region of Indonesia.
Eleftherios Venizelos is located in Spata.
Italy is headed by Pietro Grasso, Lumezzane plays for the country. Their manager is Michel Marcolini, who is a member of the Vicenza club and plays for Bari.
Bionico, containing raisins, is found in Mexico in the Jalisco region.
University "December 1, 1918". is located in Romania, which is ethnically German, and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te,_române!
The U.S. Air Force participated in the bombing of Libya in 1986.
Adirondak Regional Airport is located in Harritestown, New York.
The U.S. Air Force, involved in the U.S. invasion of Panama, is the operator of the Al Assad air base. The U.S. Air Force has aircraft, including Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft, Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon fighters.
The manager of FC AZ Club is John van den Brom, who is in the club Yong Ajax and plays for FC "Istanbulspor".
Brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in Japan, where the Akita Art Museum is located.
(107) Camilla has an orbital period of 2368.05 days, her era is December 31, 2006 and was discovered by B. Zellner. The pericenter (107) of Kamilla is 479343000.0 (kilometers), and its apocenter is 560937000.0 kilometers.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark is part of the Association of European Universities in Brussels. Denmark has a monarchy, and its leader is Lars Lökke Rasmussen.
The ingredient of Binignite soup is yam, and one of the main ingredients is banana.
14/32 - the name of the runway of the airport "Alderney".
The runway length of the runway at Appleton International Airport is 2439.0.
The real name of the monument to Turkish soldiers in Baku is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Binignite soup is a dessert, the ingredients of which include banana and yam. "Sandesh" is a delicious confectionery product.
Ayam stump is prepared from crushed or crushed chicken served with sambal, and is a popular dish in Java, Malaysia.
Tomatoes, which are part of the nightshade and nightshade family, are a key ingredient in matrician sauce.
The tenant of Bella Sky Copenhagen Hotel is Marriott International. The hotel has 23 floors, was designed by 3XN and belongs to Bell Center.
The runway length of the international airport "Appleton" is 2,439 meters.
Lahore Airport, located in Pakistan, is managed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, which is headquartered at Jinnah International Airport.
William Anders is an American born in British Hong Kong on October 17, 1933. He was a fighter pilot and member of the Apollo 8 crew. He retired on September 1, 1969.
A popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia is kuetyau with beef, Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, which is part of Taylor County, Texas, in the United States.
Alan B Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary and is located in Williamsburg, Virginia.
Augustes Pugene, who was born in Bloomsbury, is the architect Adair Manor. Another of his most important buildings is the Palace of Westminster.
Alan Shepard was a test pilot, he passed away.
Shrimp is one of the ingredients in Batchoy.
The full name of FC "Roma" - Football Club "Roma" and they have 70634 participants. The club has a home ground in Rome and competed in Series A in the Italian Football Championship 2014 / 2015.
The first appearance of Baymax in the movie was in the "City of Heroes". It was created by Duncan Roulo and Steven T. Seagal.
Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Güner are the creators of the Baku Martyrs' Memorial, also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti. The memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to Ottoman army soldiers who died in the battle for Baku. The leader of the country is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
Ataturk monument is made of bronze.
The dish, popular in Indonesia, asam pedas, is made of fish cooked in hot and sour sauce.
Amsterdam Center is a part of Amsterdam.
(103) Hera has a running speed of 0.0482 km / s, the apocalypse 437170000.0 kilometers and a mass of 7.9 kg.
Kuetyau with beef from Singapore is also prepared in Indonesia. One of the ingredients of the dish is oyster sauce.
Bananamen TV-serial was created by John Goering. The series was broadcast by BBC with Tim Brooke-Taylor in the lead role. It was first aired on March 10, 1983, the last series was released on April 15, 1986.
Dan Mishkin is one of the creators of Bolt, a comic book character.
The traditional dish of Colombian cuisine bandeha paisa includes the ingredient chicharron.
Marriott International is the tenant of Bella Sky Hotel and is located in Copenhagen.
Led by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, Atlantic City International Airport is located 23 meters above sea level. It has a runway named 4/22 and a runway length of 1873 m.
Sports club "Gubbio" (FC "Gubbio" for short) has 5300 members, played in the season 2014 and its home ground - Stadium "Pietro Barbetti".
Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City, which is served by Atlantic City International Airport, located in the village of Egg Harbor, New Jersey, USA.
Amdawad Ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, Ahmedabad, which is located in India. The leader of India is Narendra Maudie, but the leader of Gujarat is the Gujarat Legislative Assembly.
The Akita Art Museum is located in Akita, Japan, where one of the ethnic groups is Philippine.
Agra Airport is located in Agra.
Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500.
The U.S. Navy awarded Alan Shepherd with the "Medal" award, which is higher than the "Gold Medal" of the Department of Commerce. Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire and died July 21, 1998 in California, was also a recipient of the U.S. Defense Service Ribbon.
Abilene is served by the regional airport "Abilene", which is located 546 meters above sea level and has an ICAO code KABI . The length of its runway number 17L/35R is 2194.0.
Asher Levy's public baths are located in Brooklyn, Manhattan, New York, where one of the leaders is Cyrus Vance, Jr.
Having a home ground in Rome, Italy, FC "Roma" plays at the Italian Football Championship.
Hailemariam Desalen and Mulatu Teshome are leaders in Ethiopia. The Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall are located within the country in Addis Ababa.
The first appearance in the film for the character of Baymax was the City of Heroes, which starred Scott Adsit.
Noodles is an ingredient in the bar, which also includes pork by-products, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef. He is native to the Philippines.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputala, Sri Lanka. Sri Jayavardenepura-Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka, where the currency is Sri Lanka Rupiah, and the official language is Tamil.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a pericenter 29919600000.0.
(107) Camille, an epoch of December 31, 2006, was discovered by C. KW4. Woods and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. The dimensions of the Apoapse and Periapse are 560937000.0 km and 479343000.0 km respectively.
The character Auracles, also known as Auracles, was created by Len Wayne.
The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Fiorentina plays in the Italian Football Championship, based in Italy.
Asam pedas is a dish from Malaysia and Sumatra. Malaysian Malaysian is an ethnic group in Malaysia; in Sumatra there is an ethnic group called Minangkabau.
The Acharya Institute of Technology campus is located at Soldewanahalli, Acharya, Dr. Sarwapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090. It was founded in 2000, and its motto is "Raise Excellence". It has 700 postgraduate students and is a part of Wiesweswaraia University of Technology.
Citizenship of Buzz Aldrin - United States.
David Cameron is a leader in the UK.
Operated by ENAIRE (Madrid, Spain), Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes.
Cookies are a dessert, as is the "Baked Alaska", which has Christmas pudding as one of the ingredients.
Ayam stump is a dish from Singapore and Java. One of the languages spoken in Singapore is English, and Banyamas are an ethnic group on the island of Java.
Atlantic City International Airport Location ID serves Atlantic City in New Jersey, which is headed by Don Guardian. It is located in the village of Egg Harbor, New Jersey, United States.
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda, it is located at 159 meters above sea level.
0.0155 km per second - the speed of escape (1099) Figneria.
Lahore Airport in Pakistan serves the city of Lahore, has a runway length of 2900.0 meters and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
Barajas is located in Madrid, which is part of the Autonomous Community of Madrid under the leadership of the Aora Madrid Party.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco, the architect of the Asilomar Convention Center, and she also designed other important buildings, including the Riverside Museum of Art.
The Alpina County regional airport serving Alpina, Michigan is located in the village of Wilson, Alpina County, Michigan in the United States. This airport is located at an altitude of 210 meters above sea level and has a runway measuring 1533.0 in length.
The Canadian James Craig Watson, who died in Madison, Wisconsin, was the discoverer of (103) Hera, whose apostolic center is 437170000.0 (kilometers).
(107) Camille was discovered by Storses.
Rolando Maran worked at FC Bari 1908.
Bhadi is from India, where the leader is Samitra Mahajan.
0.0155 km per second - the speed of escape (1099) Fiegneria.
Association of European Universities has its headquarters in Brussels. The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University cooperates with the Association of European Universities and is located in Denmark. Denmark has a monarchy with its leader - Lars Lökke Rasmussen.
Aarhus Airport has a runway length of 2702.0.
Adirondak Regional Airport serves the cities of Saranac Lake and Lake Placid in New York City. It is located at an altitude of 507 meters above sea level, and its runway is 2003 meters long.
Soup Binignite - a kind of dessert with sago ingredient, cookies - also a dessert.
School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark (the leader is Lars Lökke Rasmussen). It was established in 1928 and has 16000 students and 737 researchers.
Engineering College " AWH" is located in Kerala, India, and has 250 researchers.
Agra Airport is located in India, where the leader is T.S. Thakur.
HAL LCH is a helicopter used by the Indian Air Force, which operates Agra Airport. This airport is located in Uttar Pradesh (part of Bundelkhand), where Ram Nike is the leader.
Adirondak Regional Airport serves the cities of Saranak Lake and Lake Placid, New York State, in the United States. Saranac Lake, New York, is part of Harritestown, New York.
Amatrichana comes from Italy, where the capital is Rome, and heads the country Pietro Grasso.
Noodle and beef is a dish that is usually found in Singapore, the Singapore region and Indonesia. It contains soy sauce among the ingredients.
FC "AEK" plays in the Super League of the Greek Football Championship and has an Olympic Stadium (Athens) as its home ground.
Atlantic City International Airport in the village of Egg Harbor, New Jersey in the United States serves Atlantic City, New Jersey. Don Guardian is the leader of New Jersey.
Running speed (1000) Piazza is 0.0252 km/s.
Andrus County Airport is located in the state of Texas in the United States, where Spanish is one of the spoken languages. Houston is the largest city in the state, and its capital is Austin.
Ayam's dish comes from Java, where the Banyamasan people are an ethnic group. The dish is also found in Malaysia and Singapore.
The surface type of the second runway of Ardmore airport (New Zealand) is cereals. Cereals - flowering plants of the unit Komelinida, class Single.
Al-Assad airbase is operated by the U.S. Air Force, which participated in Operation Enduring Freedom. Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle are their two planes.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.
William Anders joined NASA in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a member of the Apollo 8 crew.
William Anders, who was originally from British Hong Kong, joined NASA and became a member of Apollo 8 with Frank Borman, who was the commander.
Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire, discovered (1036) Ganymede.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco. She designed the Asilomar conference site, Asilomar State Park Beach and Los Angeles Herald Examiner, a landmark in California.
Abilene, Texas, is served by Abilene Regional Airport.
The monument to the 11th Mississippi Infantry Regiment is a historic building located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, Franklin County in the west and Carroll County in the southeast.
Allan Rex Sandidge and Halton Christian Arp were graduate students of Walter Baade, discoverer (1036) Ganymede. Baade was born in the German Empire and his alma mater was from the University of Göttingen.
The Brazilian diaspora in Japan is an ethnic group discovered in Japan.
Lahore Airport is located in Lahore, Pakistan. It has a runway length of 2900 and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
3Arena is located in North Wall, Dublin and was built by HOK SVE.
Asam Pedas is a dish that can be found in Malacca in Malaysia, the capital of which is Kuala Lumpur, where Malay Indians and Chinese in Malaysia are ethnic groups.
Chicharron is one of the ingredients of the Bandeha Paisa dish, which belongs to the Colombian cuisine.
Bhadji comes from India, the country of the Indians, where T.S. Thakur rules.
Kerala, where Mahe, India is located in the northwest of the country, is also home to the AWH College of Engineering. The College was established in 2001 in Kuttickattoor and currently has 250 employees.
The Ayam Penet dish originates in Java, where Banyumasans are an ethnic group. It can be found throughout the country, as well as in Singapore and Malaysia.
"Bacon Bang" - comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and the capital is Washington.
Alan Shepard was born November 18, 1923 in New Hampshire and attended the Naval College (NWC), graduating with a Master of Arts degree in 1957. He became a test pilot and was eventually recruited by NASA in 1959. He died in California.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, part of Clayton, Winnebago County, Wisconsin, USA.
The celestial body, known as (103) Hera, has a running speed of 0.0482 km/s and a mass of 7.9 kg. Apoapsida - 437170000.0 kilometers.
Era 19255 1994 VK8, which has a mass of 5.6 kilograms, - December 31, 2006. Its orbital period is 8788850000 kilometers, its pericenter is 6155910000000 kilometers, and its apocenter is 6603633000 kilometers.
Atlantic City International Airport belongs to the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
Tama Era 1089 - November 26, 2005. Its pericenter is 2887490000.0 kilometers, and its apocenter is 373513000.0 kilometers.
Arrabiat sauce can be found in Italy, where they surprisingly speak Italian.
Asher Levy's public baths are in New York City in the USA. In New York City there is the leader Cyrus Vance Jr., he is part of Manhattan and New Netherlands.
Amdavad Ni Gufa is in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Samitra Mahadjan is the Indian leader, and Gujarat heads the Gujarat Legislative Assembly.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located at -3.3528 above sea level. The runway length of Schiphol Airport is 2014.0 meters, and it has a runway 06 / 24 Kaagbaan.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the largest city - Houston.
George Winkler, USA, is the architect of the twenty-two-story South Boston Building 320.
Addis Ababa City Hall, where the government of Addis Ababa is located, has a height of 42 m and an area of 140000.0 square meters.
Alan Beene is a U.S. citizen who was on the Apollo 12 crew. His birthplace is Wheeler, Texas. He was born on March 15, 1932 and resigned. He served as a test pilot on the Apollo 12 mission run by NASA.
Lake Placid and Saranac Lake (both in New York State) are served by Adirondak Regional Airport. This airport is 507 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 meters.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Siomai and Batagor, as a variant of this dish.
Marriott International is a tenant of 23-storey Bella Sky Copenhagen Hotel.
President Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader of Turkey, where the currency is Turkish lira. Although the largest city is Istanbul, the capital is Ankara. The monument of Ataturk is located in Izmir, where it was opened on July 27, 1932.
Agra Airport has an ICAO VIAG airport code and a runway length of 1818. It is located in India at an altitude of 167.94 meters above sea level and is operated by the "Indian Air Force".
Sauce Arrabiat comes from Italy, where the Italian language is spoken.
The dark asteroid called (1000) Piazza has an orbital period of 488160.0 and its era - 27.06.2015. In addition, it has a pericenter 352497000000.0 and a speed of escape of 0.0252 kilometers per second.
Akita Museum of Art - Art Museum in Akita, Japan. Akita - part of Akita Prefecture. Many Brazilians live in Japan.
"Bacon Bang" - a dish that came from the city of Kansas in the United States. It includes not only bacon (which is obvious from the name), but also sausages.
Philippines is the birthplace of bacoy soup. The main ingredients are feet, pork by-products, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Bella Sky Hotel, Copenhagen, Denmark, has 23 floors. Tenant - Marriott International Hotel and the owner - Bella Center.
Dublin is a part of Leicester.
In 1928, the School of Business and Social Sciences of Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established. It consists of 16,000 students and 737 researchers. The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT, Sc.D. in 1963. He is a retired fighter pilot and was part of the crew of Apollo 11.
Asilomar was built in 1913 at Pacific Grove, California, and was added to the National Registry of Historic Sites on February 27, 1987, with the original number 87000823.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan and is headed by Artur Tair oglu Rasizade. The country is the location of the memorial to Turkish soldiers in Baku, designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyn Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The memorial is dedicated to Ottoman army soldiers who died in the battle for Baku.
Bakso is an Indonesian dish that is also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries. The main ingredients of the dish are minced beef, tapioca, noodles, rice noodles, beef broth, Chinese curly cabbage, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallot onions.
Ayam stump is a dish from Singapore's regions.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of cereals, which is 518.0 in length and is called 07/25.
William Anders joined NASA and was a member of Apollo 8, along with Frank Borman as Commander and Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot. William Anders retired on September 1, 1969.
In 1931, Adisham Hall was built in the architectural style of the Tudor Revival in Sri Lanka.
The main ingredient of the soup Binignite - banana, also an important ingredient is yam.
Pericenter (66391) 1999 KW4 is 29.919 million km.
Manuel Waltz is the leader of France, where "Baked Alaska" comes from.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldewanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarwapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore -- 560090. The School is a part of Wiesweswaraia University of Technology and has 700 postgraduate students. Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar is the principal of the school.
Ernie Colon and Gary Con created Bolt's comic book character, who has an alternative name - Larry Bolatinsky.
Bakewell" pudding is a dessert from Derbyshire Dales district, the ingredients of which are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs. Its variant is called "Bakewell" tart.
Baymax first appeared in the "City of Heroes" and was created by Duncan Rulo and Steven T. Segal.
The home ground of FC "AEK" (Athens) is in Greece, and the club has 69618 members.
David Scott was the commander of NASA, which operated the Apollo 12 flight, the crew of which included Alan Beane.
Lahore Airport is located in Punjab Province, Pakistan, which is headed by the Punjab Provincial Assembly. The airport is managed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, which is headquartered at Jinnah International Airport.
Tony Tan is the leader in Singapore, where the kuetyau with beef comes from. The dish is popular throughout the country in Singapore and Indonesia.
Mereng is one of the main ingredients of "Baked Alaska", "Baked Alaska" comes from the USA.
An alternative name for Auracles, created by Len Wayne, is also Auracles.
Located in Dublin, Lenster, 3Arena belongs to Live Nation Entertainment. Dublin is also part of Ireland and is headed by the Irish House of Representatives.
(1001) Gaussia, which was formerly called 1923 OAA907 XC, has a date of July 31, 2016 and the pericenter 419113394,55312 km.
(1000) Piazza has a speed of escape of 0.0252 kilometers per second.
The House of Usher and Mary Isabelle Richardson, which is located on Highway 83 in the United States, was built in 1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Sites on November 22, 1988.
Elliot C, a U.S. citizen, was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputala, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayavardenepura-Kotte, the language spoken there is Tamil, and the currency is Sri-Lanka rupiah.
Apostle Andrew is the patron saint of Romania.
Elliot C. was a student at the University of Texas at Austin and died in St. Louis, led by Francis G. Sley.
The comic book hero Blockbuster, also known as Mark Desmond, was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino.
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatrix, which comes from the Lazio region.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in the village of Egg Harbor, New Jersey, United States.
Bandeha Paisa comes from the Pisa region and is part of the Colombian cuisine. It consists of red beans, pork breast, white rice, minced meat, chicharron, fried eggs, plantain (patacones), chorizo, corn cake, Hogao sauce, blood sausage (Morcilla), avocado and lemon.
The celestial body, known as (1000) Piazza, has an orbital period of 488160. Its pericenter is 352497000000.0 and the epoch is 27.06.2015.
Bakewell Tart, a variant of Bakewell pudding, includes the ingredient frangipane; it comes from Derbyshire-Dales in Derbyshire.
Raisins are available in Bionico, which comes from the Jalisco area in Mexico.
Bionico is a food that contains raisins from Guadalajara, Mexico.
1101 Clematis has a pericenter 445895000000, and its era falls on July 31, 2016.
The Schiphol Group operates Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which is 3.3528 meters below sea level.
The "3Arena", owned by Live National Entertainment, is located in Dublin, which is part of Leicester, Ireland. The Irish House of Representatives is the leader in Dublin.
Fenchurch Street 20 is in Great Britain, which is headed by the British Parliament and Queen Elizabeth II, and London is its capital.
Asher Levy's public baths are located in New York City, which has parts known as Brooklyn and Manhattan. Cyrus Vance, Jr. is the leader of Manhattan.
William Anders, born in British Hong Kong on October 17, 1933, piloted the Apollo 8.
"Barney Cake" is native of France, where French is spoken. The leaders are both Francois Hollande and Gerard Larcher.
Tarot is an ingredient of Binignite soup, which should be served as a dessert. Cookie is a dessert.
Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organization of Lahore International Airport, located in Punjab Province, Pakistan, which is headed by Shahbaz Sharif. The airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan.
Bahji comes from India, where T.S. Thakur leads the Indians.
The house of Usher and Mary Isabelle Richardson, located on Highway 83 in the United States and built in 1911, was added to the National Register of Historic Sites on November 22, 1988.
Tart "Bakewell" - a version of the pudding "Bakewell", which comes from Derbyshire Dales. It is a dessert in which the main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
The Baku Memorial to Turkish Soldiers in Azerbaijan is designed by Huseyn Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers who died in the battle for Baku. The monument is also known under the local name Türk Şehitleri Anıtı. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Tair oglu Rasizade.
(410777) 2009 FD, which was discovered by Spacewatch, has an orbital period of 39447000,0 and a periapsisode of 88234300000,0.
Halton Christian Arp was a graduate student of Walter Baade, the discoverer (1036) Ganymede, who studied at the University of Göttingen and died in the Federal Republic of Germany.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez runs Isidro Metapan and plays in FAS.
Buzz Aldrin was a citizen of the United States.
The first runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is known as number 18.
The Felice era (109) is December 31, 2006, and its pericenter is 283326000000.0.
Tony Tan is the leader in Singapore, where the dish of kuetyau with beef came from. It was also discovered in Indonesia.
Manhattan (leader - Cyrus Vance Jr.) and Brooklyn - parts of New York, where the public baths of Asher Levy are located.
Barajas is located in Alcobendas, Spain. The airport is operated by ENAIRE.
The tomato used in Amatrichan sauce belongs to the nightshade family and belongs to the nightshade category.
The Spanish are an ethnic group in Spain, where the traditional dish is Arroz Negre. It comes from the region of Catalonia, which heads the Parliament of Catalonia.
Engineering College "AWH" in Kerala, India, was founded in 2001. The Ganges is a river in India, and its largest city is Mumbai. The leader of Kerala - Kochchi.
Banana Man was first shown on October 3, 1983.
The owner of the Atlantic City International Airport is the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
Asher Levy's public baths are located in Asher Levy Place, 23 East Street and were added to the National Registry of Historic Sites on April 23, 1980 under identification number 80002709.
Alan Beane was under the command of David Scott on NASA's Apollo 12 mission.
Al Assad Air Base, which is located at 618 feet above sea level, is located in Al Anbar province, Iraq.
Alan Shepard (died July 21, 1998 in California) was born in New Hampshire. He was awarded the American Defense Ribbon as well as the U.S. Navy Medal for Distinguished Service. The U.S. Navy Distinguished Service Medal ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey.
Bionico is a dessert that requires granola as one of the ingredients; you can eat it as an alternative to cake.
Ayam stump, a dish from Singapore, is also found on the island of Java, where the ethnic group is the Banyumasan people. In Singapore, the English language is spoken.
Bhagji comes from the Karnataka region in India, where the currency is the Indian rupee. And also where Wajubhai Wala and Samitra Mahajan are the leaders.
Asam Pedas is a dish created in Malaysia and Sumatra. Malaysians and Minangkabau are ethnic groups in Sumatra.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong, where Chris Patten is the representative. William was a member of the Apollo 8 crew and served with Frank Borman.
Ayam singing is a dish from Singapore.
Bachoy is a dish from the Philippines. It is a noodle dish that includes pork by-products, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Bananamen was first aired on October 3, 1983.
The governing organization of Al Assad Air Base is the U.S. Air Force. They fought in the invasion of Grenada and use a fighter aircraft known as McDonnell Douglas F15.
Originally from Hong Kong, William Anders was a member of the Apollo 8 crew with Chris Patten and another Apollo 8 crew member Frank Bormann.
(107) Camille was discovered by Norman Robert Pogson.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which is headquartered at the International Trade Center. The airport is located in the village of Egg Harbor, New Jersey, USA.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Agg Harbor, New Jersey, USA.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is a member of the Wiesweswaraia University of Technology.
San Francisco-born architect Julia Morgan designed many significant buildings, including Asilomar Convention Center, Los Angeles Herald Examiner and Asilomar State Park Beach.
The monument to Ataturk is made of bronze.
Fenchurch Street 20 is located in the UK.
International Airport of Angola is located in Icola e-Bengo in Angola and its runway is called "South runway".
Asher Levy's public baths are located in New York.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 34.0 meters above sea level, and its 3rd runway is made of cereals. The name of the runway of the airport - 07/25, and it is 518.0 meters long.
1101 Clematis has an epoch of December 31, 2006 and the pericenter 445895000000.0.
Criona Ni Dalai was Lord Mayor of Dublin.
The American Buzz Aldrin joined the crew of Apollo 11. He was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, and began serving as a fighter pilot until he graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Ph. In the same year, he was selected to work for NASA.
Alba-Julia is a part of Alba County.
Stadium Agremiasan Sports Arapirakense (Brazil) is the Municipal Stadium "Koarasi da Mata Fonseca" in Arapiraca. They play in the Brazilian Football Championship League Series C, which is based in Brazil.
The third runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of cereals, which are part of the order of flowering plants.
The temperature of 1089 Tama is 179.0 (Kelvin) and its apocenter is 373513000.0 (kilometer).
The Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene, Texas, which is part of Taylor County, Texas, in the United States.
Tama Era 1089 - November 26, 2005, its former name is "A894 VA; A904 VD". 1202.846 days is its orbital period and 288749000000.0 is its periapsis.
Baymax - a character in the movie Hero City, which starred Maya Rudolph. The creator of this character was an American Duncan Rulo.
Bhadji is originally from the Karnataka area, India. The leader in Karnataka is Vajubhai Vala, and in India the leader is Samitra Mahajan.
Aora Madrid is the leading party in Madrid, Spain. Barajas Airport is located in Madrid.
FC AEK, with 69618 members, plays in the Greek Football Championship. The club's site is in Athens.
Alan Beane is an American.
The main ingredients of soup Binignite - yam and bananas.
The leader of "Buffalo" - Byron Brown.
Bhadji comes from India, where the currency is the Indian rupee, and the leaders are Narendra Modi and Samitra Mahajan.
Arroz Negre is a traditional dish from Spain, where the ethnic group is the Spaniards. Arroz Negre comes from the region of Catalonia, which is headed by the Catalan Parliament.
The AEK site is in Greece and has 69618 members.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, and received his PhD from MIT in 1963. He served as a fighter pilot before being hired by NASA in 1963 and was an Apollo 11 crew member with backup pilot William Anders.
India, led by Narendra Modi and Samitra Mahajan, is the birthplace of the Bhagha. Rupiah is the currency of India.
The Black Pirate, also known as John Valor, was created by Sheldon Moldoff.
Batagoras is a dish found in Indonesia. It is a variant of siomai or shumai, which contains peanut sauce. Joko Vidodo is the leader of Indonesia.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and is 23 meters above sea level. The name of the runway is 4/22, its length is 1873 meters.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, east of the Arabian Sea. The Institute is connected with Wisweswaraia University of Technology. Bangalore was founded by Kempe Govda.
The Turkish President is the official title of Turkish leader. The monument to Ataturk (Izmir), designed by Pietro Canonica, is located in Turkey and was opened on July 27, 1932.
The monument to the 11th Mississippi Infantry Regiment in Adams County, Pennsylvania, is considered a historical heritage. Adams County is surrounded by the following counties: Carroll, Maryland, in the southeast, Cumberland, Pennsylvania, in the north, and Frederick County, Maryland, in the southwest.
Delaware Avenue 250 is in the United States, where Barack Obama was the leader.
The USA is the country of the Bacon Blast and the leader Paul Ryan. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and Washington, DC is the capital.
FC "Fyld" has a home ground called Fyld, which can accommodate 3180 fans.
Alpina County regional airport is located in the village of Wilson, Alpina, Michigan. It is 210 meters above sea level and its runway is 1533 feet long.
Cookies can be a dessert, as can Baked Alaska, which contains Christmas pudding as an ingredient.
Asam pedas is a Malaysian dish, originating in Sumatra. Sumatra is home to the people of Minangkabau and Malaysians.
Malaysians and Malay Indians are ethnic groups in Malaysia, the capital of which is Kuala Lumpur. Asam-pedas is a dish from Malaysia. It comes from Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula.
Honey can be added to bionico, a dessert dish.
Adirondak Regional Airport serves Lake Placid and Saranak Lake in New York State. The airport is located 507 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 meters.
Rona Farhead is a key man for the BBC, whose headquarters is called the "House of Broadcasting". Among other things, they broadcast BBC radio and Bananamena.
The Dark Asteroid (1000) Piazza has a pericenter of 352497000000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0252 km/s. It has an orbital period of 488160 and an epoch of June 27, 2015.
International Trade Center - the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates the international airport "Atlantic City". The airport is located in the village of Egg Harbor, part of New Jersey, in the United States.
The runway at Andrews County airport is called the helipad.
Vila Nova were the winners of the Brazilian Football Championship Series C, in the Brazilian league. Club Agremiasan Sports Arapirakense (Brazil) is also in the league; their home field is the Municipal Stadium "Koarasi da Mata Fonseca" in Arapirak.
Buzz Aldrin is a U.S. citizen born January 20, 1930, in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a PhD, was a crew member of Apollo 11 and received 20 awards. Buzz Aldrin is now retired.
On July 14, 1907, the 14th Volunteer Infantry of New Jersey was established at the National Battlefield in Monokasi, Frederick County, Maryland. The monument is classified as a Historic Area of the United States and is administered by the National Park Service. The closest town on the battlefield is Frederick, Maryland.
The director of Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr. G.P. Prabhookumar. The campus is located on Soldewanahalli Street, Acharya Dr. Sarwapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
Athens FC "AEK" has 69618 members, their site is in Athens, and they play in the Greek Football Championship.
Lahore has a runway with the name 18R / 36L.
Bella Center owns Bella Sky Copenhagen Hotel and Marriott International is a tenant. The hotel has 23 floors and was designed by 3XN.
Antwerp Airport serves Antwerp. It is owned by the Flemish Region and is managed by the Flemish Transport and Utilities Authority.
The Bhagji comes from the Karnataka region of India. Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka and Samitra Mahajan is the leader in India.
The AEK site is in Greece, and the club competes in the Greek Football Championship, the previous winner was "Olympiacos".
Established in 1928, the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Aarhus (Denmark) employs 737 people. She is a member of the Association of European Universities, and her dean is Thomas Pallesen. The head of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
Bionico, containing granola, is a dessert, which can be found in Mexico, comes from the region of Guadalajara.
Arrabiat, containing Red Pepper, can be found in Italy.
Cuetyau with beef comes from the region of Indonesia.
Al Asad airbase is located in Iraq, where they speak Arabic.
The monument to Ataturk (Izmir) is located in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
(10) Hygeya has an Apoapse of 523951582.3968 kilometers and an average speed of 16.76 kilometers per second. 5.57 days is the orbital period for an asteroid.
Alan Shepard died in California, where Diane Feinstein is a senator, and you can find a gem of benitoite and smilodon fossils. He once received the U.S. Navy Outstanding Service Award, which is more valuable than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The fish is cooked in sour and spicy sauce to create an asam pedas, which comes from Indonesia.
New York (formerly part of New Netherland), is located in the U.S., is part of Manhattan (headed by Cyrus Vance, Jr.), and is the seat of the Asher Levi Public Baths.
Alderney Airport serves Alderney, and its runway is 08/26. The 1st runway was made of cereals, and it is 733 meters long. The airport is 88 meters above sea level.
The monument to the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry is located near Frederick, Maryland, in the area of Monokasi National Battlefield.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has its 3rd runway made of cereals and is 34 meters above sea level. The runway is named 07/25 and has a length of 518.0.
Elliot C was born in Dallas July 23, 1927. Now he is no longer alive.
Elliot C (born in Dallas, United States) attended the University of Texas at Austin.
James Payne and George Richard Payne were architects of Adair Manor.
Bionico requires granola as one of the ingredients, it is served for dessert like a cake.
Located in Punjab, Pakistan, Lahore Allam Iqbal International Airport has an airstrip of 2900.0 meters.
The Javanese cuisine has rice cubes cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat.
Badui is an ethnic group in Java. Ayam stumps come from Singapore and Java. Tony Tan is the head of Singapore, and they speak Putunhua there.
Kuetyau with beef contains soy sauce and is invented in Indonesia and Singapore.
Sausage is one of the ingredients of the dish "Bacon Blast", but the main ingredient is bacon.
The memorial to Turkish soldiers in Baku is dedicated to the memory of Ottoman army soldiers who died in the Battle of Baku. Artur Rasizade is the leader and prime minister of Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku.
The address of Diagonal Street 11 is in the Republic of South Africa, where the leader Jacob Zuma and live colored.
Marriott International is the tenant of Bella Sky Copenhagen Hotel, which was designed by 3XN architects and has 23 floors.
The celestial body, known as (66063) 1998 RO1, which has an epoch of January 13, 2016, previously called 2000 SN5 and has an orbital period of 360.29 days. The size of his apoapse - 254989570.60815 kilometers, and the speed of escape - 0.0999 kilometers per second.
Norman Robert Pogson was born in Nottingham.
Diagonal Street 11 is in South Africa, whose capital is Cape Town. In South Africa, there are two ethnic groups - colored and Asian South Africans.
The asteroid is called (10) Gigeya (formerly A900 GA); it has an epoch of June 27, 2015, pericenter 416136000000.0 and an orbital period of 5.57 days.
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport has an asphalt surface.
Alan Beane is an American born in Wheeler, Texas, on March 15, 1832. He was a test pilot and crew member on Apollo 12, operated by NASA. He is now retired.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor, New Jersey, United States.
The manager of Blackpool FC is Stuart Parker, who played for Blackburn Rovers.
FC "Fyld" is based in Brining Lane, England, and their full name is FC "Fyld". They have 3180 members, and they competed in the season 2014.
The tenant of Bella Sky Copenhagen Hotel, which consists of 23 floors, is the Marriott International Hotel.
Adisham Hall in Tudor and Jacobean styles was built in Sri Lanka between 1927 and 1931.
Elliot C, a U.S. citizen born in Dallas, was a student at the University of Texas at Austin.
Alan Beene, who is now retired, was born on March 15, 1932.
(1036) Ganymede was discovered by Walter Baade, a German national.
Marriott International is a tenant of Bella Sky Hotel, which is located in Copenhagen.
"Agremiasan Sportiva Arapirakense (Brazil) played in the Brazilian Football Championship Series C in 2015.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena in North Wall, Dublin.
Located in Pakistan, Lahore Airport is managed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, whose headquarters is Jinnah International Airport.
Elliot C was born July 23, 1927. He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin, and later served as a test pilot. Elliot died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966.
AWH" College of Engineering has 250 employees and is located in Kerala, India.
Hera (103) has an apocenter of 437170000 kilometers, an orbital period of 1622.213 days and an era on August 27, 2011.
Baku Memorial to Turkish soldiers in Azerbaijan is dedicated to soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku. The memorial's native name is "Türk Şehitleri Anıtı" and it was designed by Huseyn Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The leader of Turkey is Arthur Tair oglu Rasizade.
Peter Stöger is the manager of Cologne. He is a former player of Forwards, Admira Wacker Mödling and Austria.
The celestial body, known as (109) Felitz, has a temperature of 170 Kelvin.
ENAIRE Navigation Manager is located in Madrid, which in turn is a city in Spain. It manages the Barajas Airport in San Sebastian de los Reyes.
The University "December 1, 1918" is in Romania. Its prime minister is Klaus Johannis.
Batat is the main ingredient of binary, and potatoes are part of the order of the Paslenocolor.
Number 1 of the runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol - 18.
(110) Lydia has a rotation period of 39332.9 and an epoch of 31 December 2006.
The current organization of the airport Afonso Pena - Infraero.
(107) Camille was discovered by Norman Robert Pogson, who was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. It was discovered on March 1, 2001.
The building of the Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Yong Ajax is a tenant of the Sports Park De Toecomst.
U.S. Air Force, which is the managing organization of the Al Assad air base, participated in the battles during the U.S. invasion of Grenada. They have in service combat aircraft Lockheed AC-130 and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Operation Eldorado Canyon was conducted by the United States Air Force.
Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot for mission Apollo 8.
Binignite soup contains: banana and sweet potatoes. It is a dessert, just like Sandesh.
Alan Shepard, born November 18, 1923, graduated from NWC in 1957 with a Master of Arts degree. Alan Shepard served as a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1959. Alan Shepard, born in New Hampshire, died in California.
Asam pedas is a dish of Malaysia and Sumatra. Malaysians are an ethnic group of Malaysia, and the people of Minangkabau are an ethnic group of Sumatra.
Walter Baade, who was born in Proisisch-Oldendorf, found (1036) Ganymed. He studied at the University of Göttingen, and one of his postgraduate students was Halton Christian Arp.
The first appearance in the film for the character Baymax was "City of Heroes", a film in which Scott Adsit was shot.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka - east of the Arabian Sea and southwest of Telangan. It is affiliated with Wiesweswaraia University of Technology.
Ayam Penet is a dish from the Java region and from Singapore, where Putunhua is spoken. Jacob Halima is the leader of Singapore, and Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java.
Banana is the main ingredient of soup Binignite, and yam is also an ingredient.
Stors found (107) Camille.
Blackpool FC was once headed by Stuart Parker. He belongs to FC "Earl's Town" and is part of FC "Mechelen".
The leading party of the city of Madrid (part of the community of Madrid and has an airport in Barajas) is Aora Madrid.
Alan Beane, currently retired, was born May 15, 1932.
Elliot C is dead.
Alan Bean was an American.
Saranac Lake is located in Harritstown, New York. Adirondak Regional Airport serves the cities of Saranac Lake and Lake Placid in New York.
Angola International Airport, located at 159 m above sea level, serves Luanda.
Antonis Milionis is Chairman of FC Dimitra Efseinoupoli, which has 1500 participants. The club belongs to the 2nd group of the A EPSTH league and its sites are located in the town of Efseinoupoli.
The monument to the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Regiment (created on July 11, 1907) belongs to the category of historical districts of the USA and is located on the National Battlefield in Monokasi. The closest town to it is Frederick, Frederick County, Maryland. The monument to the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Regiment belongs to the U.S. National Parks Service.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Mumbai, Karnataka, received the status of "Technology Center" from All India Council for Technical Education (located in Mumbai). The Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis classes and is managed by the International Tennis Federation. To the west of Karnataka is the Arabian Sea.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom, ruled by Parliament and headed by Elizabeth II. Fenchurch Street 20 is located in Great Britain.
Located in Pakistan Lahore Airport is managed by the Civil Aviation Authority of Pakistan, whose headquarters are located at Jinnah International Airport.
The patron saint of Romania is Andrei Pervozvanny.
Bachoi is soup from the Philippines. The main ingredients of Bachoi are noodles, pork by-products, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
The celestial body, known as (1036) Ganymede, has a temperature of 160 kelvin.
The memorial to Turkish soldiers in Baku (designed by Huseyn Butuner and Hilmi Guner) is dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers who died for Baku and is made of red granite and white marble. The monument is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan. Artur Tair oglu Rasizade was the leader of Azerbaijan.
The site of soccer club "Akron" (USA) is located in the School of St. Vincent - St. Mary.
The All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai gave Acharya Institute of Technology the status of a technical campus.
The asteroid (10) Gigey has a surface area of 837080.744 km² and a temperature of 164 K. The asteroid has an epoch date of June 27, its escape velocity is 0.21 km/s, and the apocenter is 523951582.3968 km.
American Duncan Rulo created Baymax, the character of the film "City of Heroes", which starred Ryan Potter.
Cookies and soup Binignite - kinds of desserts. key ingredient of soup Binignite - Sago.
Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman - creators of Bibbo Bibbowski.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and its style is Tudor Revival Architecture.
The temperature (1036) of Ganymede is 160 kelvin.
Nationality of Alan Bean - United States.
Andrews County Airport in the United States is located in Texas, where the capital is Austin and the largest city - Houston.
Born on October 17, 1933 in British Hong Kong, William Andrews served as a crew member on Apollo 8.
Bella Sky Hotel is located in Copenhagen, Denmark, and the tenant is Marriott International. This hotel belongs to the Bella Center, and it has 23 floors.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, India. It is home to 700 postgraduate students and has connections to the University of Technology of Wisweswaraia. The exact location of the institute is: "Soldewanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarwapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090".
Binignit soup comes from Mindanao region in the Philippines and is a dessert. While yam is one of the ingredients in it, the main ingredient is banana.
Founded in 2001, AWH College of Engineering is located in Kerala, India. The leader of Kerala is Kochchi, and the largest city of the country is Mumbai, the famous river in the country - Ganges.
(101) Elena has a mass of 3.0 kg.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, USA and is home to the Mason Business School.
Graham Garden is rented in Bananamen, which is broadcast by STV.
The late Elliot C. was born in Dallas on 27.07.1927.
The main ingredient of the dish is kuetyau with beef and oyster sauce, distributed in Singapore and Indonesia.
The leading dish in Madrid, Spain (where Barajas is located) is called Aora Madrid.
Spanish is the language spoken in Mexico.
(109) Feliza has a temperature of 170 Kelvin.
Augustes Wellby Northmoor Pugene, born in Bloomsbury, designed Adair Manor and the Palace of Westminster.
(1036) Ganymede has a temperature of 160.0 Kelvin.
Tart Bakewell, a variant of Bakewell pudding, comes from Derbyshire Dales. Contains frangipane.
Tama Era 1089 (formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD) - 2005-11-26. The celestial body has a pericenter 288749000000.0 and an orbital period of 1202,846 days.
Asher Levy's public baths are in New York City, Brooklyn is part of it.
The Akita Art Museum, located in Akita, part of Akita, Japan, displays the art of the Brazilian diaspora, one of the ethnic groups in that country.
Massimo Drago was the manager of FC Cesena, but currently plays for SC Castro Villari Calcho and FC Chieti.
The U.S. Navy awarded Alan Shepard the Medal for Outstanding Service, which is valued higher than the Ministry of Commerce Gold Medal. Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire and died July 21, 1998 in California, was also the owner of the American Defense Ribbon.
FC "Ajax (Amateurs)" can be found in Amsterdam. Amsterdam Center is part of the city, and its leader is Eberhard van der Laan.
Delaware Avenue 250 is located in Buffalo, Erie County, New York.
Alan Beene is a US citizen.
1101 Clematis dates back to December 31, 2006. He has a speed of escape of 0.02 kilometers per second, the pericenter 445895000000 and the orbital period 183309000.0.
The monument to the 14th Volunteer Infantry of New Jersey is located in the National Battlefield in Monokasi, which is the nearest city to which - Frederick, Maryland.
Bandeha Paisa, which contains beans, is a traditional dish found in Antioquia, Colombia.
B. Zellner was the discoverer (107) of Camilla, which has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. Her era is December 31, 2006. The celestial body has a periapse 479343000.0 kilometers and the apocalypse 560937000.0 kilometers.
(110) Lydia has a rotation period of 39332.9 and her epoch is December 31, 2006.
(10) Hygeya with the date of the epoch June 27, 2015 has a speed of escape of 0.21 km / s. The surface area is 837080.744 km², the apocenter is 523951582.3968 km, and the temperature is 164 K.
Arroz Negro is from the region of Catalonia in Spain. The main ingredients of Negre Arroz are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, shellfish ink and Cubanelle peppers.
The municipal stadium "Koarasi da Mata Fonseca" is the name of the Agremiasan Sportiva Arapirakense Field (Brazil). It is located in Alagoas. Agremiasan Sportiva Arapirakense (Brazil) plays in the Brazilian Football Championship Series C, in the Brazilian league. Vila Nova was the winner of the Championship.
Alan Shepard was awarded the U.S. Navy Medal for Outstanding Service, as well as a Gold Medal from the U.S. Department of Commerce. He was a member of the NASA crew on the Apollo 14 mission.
Bakso is an Indonesian dish, also popular in neighboring countries of Southeast Asia and includes ingredients: minced beef, tapioca, noodles, rice noodles, beef broth, Chinese curly cabbage, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallot onions.
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy, where the Gubbio site is located.
Alpina County regional airport serving the city of Alpina, Michigan, is located in the village of Wilson, Alpina County, USA. The airport is located at an altitude of 210 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Stuart Parker (footballer) was at Blackburn Rovers FC and also managed Blackpool FC.
Batagoras and Siomai (which has peanut sauce as an ingredient) are variations of the same dish.
Acharya Institute of Technology was founded by Kempé Govda I in Bangalore, Karnataka. To the west of it is the Arabian Sea and it is connected to the Visvesvarayan University of Technology.
Kuetyau with beef is a popular dish in Singapore, where the currency is the Singapore dollar and the leader is Jacob Halima.
AEK (whose soccer fields are in Athens) plays in the Greek Football Championship. Olympiacos are the previous champions of the Greek Football Championship.
(10) Gigeya has an Apoapse of 523951582.33968 kilometers, a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometers and an average speed of 16.76 km/s.
Elliot C was born on July 23, 1927. He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin and later served as a test pilot. Elliot died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966.
Ajax has 53502 participants and belongs to FC "Ajax" (Netherlands).
The Akita Art Museum is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The Brazilians are one of the Japanese ethnic groups.
Tart "Bakewell" - a variant of pudding "Bakewell", a dessert that comes from the area of Derbyshire Dales and its main ingredients - ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bymax is a character that was created by American Duncan Rulo and shown in the movie "Hero City" (starring Ryan Potter).
Ampara Hospital, with 476 beds, is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, headed by Austin Fernando. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wikramasinghe.
Alpina County regional airport serving Alpina is located in Maple Ridge, Alpina, Michigan, USA. The airport is located at an altitude of 210 meters above sea level, and the length of its runway is 1533 meters.
William Anders (William Anders), a U.S. citizen (although born in British Hong Kong) served as a crew member on the Apollo 8 platform under the leadership of Commander Frank Bormann.
Akita Museum of Art, which has 3 floors, is an art museum in Akita, Japan. Its address is Nakadori 142, which is in Akita Prefecture.
Honey can be used as a variation in Bioniko, which is a dessert.
(1099) Figneria weighs 2.7 kilograms.
Ximo Puig is the leader of Valencia, where the Negro Arroz comes from. This is a traditional dish in Spain, a country whose residents are called Spaniards and whose leader is Philip VI.
The speed of escape of 1101 Clematis is 0.02 km/s, the orbital period is 183309000, the pericenter is 445895000000, and the era is December 31.
Buzz Aldrin was born November 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a U.S. citizen, worked as a fighter pilot and was a member of the Apollo 11 crew.
Andrews County Airport is located in the state of Texas, with Austin as its capital.
Binignite soup is a kind of dessert like Sandesh, which contains yam and banana.
Construction of the Addis Ababa City Hall began in 1961 and was completed in 1964. It has a height of 42 meters and an area of 140,000 square meters. The government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of this building.
The late Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was chosen by NASA in 1959 as a crew member of Apollo 14.
Bandeha Paisa is a traditional dish from Paisa and the Colombian regions. The main ingredients in Bandeha Paisa are red beans, pork brisket, white rice, minced meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (flatbread), chorizo, arepa, chogao sauce, blood sausage (morsilla), avocado and lemon.
Malaysia and Malacca are the homeland of the dish asam pedas. The capital of Malaysia inhabited by Malaysian Chinese and Malay Indian people is Kuala Lumpur.
Regional airport of Alpina County is located at an altitude of 210 meters above sea level, has a runway length of 1533 meters and is located in Wilson, Alpina County, Michigan.
German Walter Baade discovered (1036) Ganymede.
(109) Felice has an epoch of 31 December 2006 and a pericenter of 283326000000.0.
The home ground of FC "AEK" is the Olympic Stadium in Athens, the mayor of which is Jorgos Kaminis.
The original name of the memorial to Turkish soldiers in Baku is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Al Asad Air Base, which rises at an altitude of 618 feet above sea level, is located in Al Anbar province in Iraq.
Paulo Souza once played for the Internationale and Juventus. Now he runs Fiorentina and plays for FC Maccabi Tel Aviv.
Canadian citizen James Craig Watson (died in Madison, Wisconsin), discovered (101) Elena, whose era is 31.12.2006.
Periapsida (1001) Gaussia (formally known as 1923 OAA907 XC) - 419113394.55312 kilometers, and the date of his era - July 31, 2016.
Epoch (110) Lydia - December 31, 2006, it has a mass of 6.7 kg and periapsis 377016000000.0.
Noodles - is an ingredient in Bakso.
The Turkish Martyrs Memorial in Baku was designed by Huseyn Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Azerbaijan. It is dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers who died in the Battle of Baku. The leader, Prime Minister of Azerbaijan, is Artur Rasizade.
Soldievanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090 is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology in India, which is part of the Visvesvaraya University of Technology. The motto of the institute, which was founded in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students, sounds like "Raise Excellence".
The All India Council for Technical Education, which is based in Mumbai, has granted Acharya Institute of Technology Technical Status. Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka, which borders Telangana in the north-east and the Arabian Sea in the east. The Acharya Institute of Technology offers sports tennis classes that are administered by the International Tennis Federation.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan, the leader of the legislative power (National Assembly) of Azerbaijan - Artur Tair oglu Rasizade. Azerbaijan hosts the Memorial of Turkish Soldiers in Baku.
The site of Roma is located in Rome, Italy, and they play in Serie A.
(107) Camille, which has an epoch date of December 31, 2006 and an orbital period of 2368.05 days, was discovered by C. Woods. The pericenter is 479.343 million km, and the apocenter is 560.937 million km.
The Civil Aviation Authority of Pakistan is headquartered at Jinnah International Airport and operates Lahore International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan, which leads the Punjab Provincial Assembly.
Andrus County Airport is located in the state of Texas, a state where Spanish is spoken and the people are called Texans. Houston is the largest city in the state of Texas, and Austin is the state capital.
Ayam stumps are from the Singapore region.
Bandeha Paisa is a traditional dish of the Paisa region.
Atlantic City International Airport (a runway named 4/22) is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and is located 23.0 meters above sea level.
Aho Blanco is an alternative name for Ahoblanco.
Bolt comic book character has an alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky and was created by Ernie Colon and comic book writer Gary Cohn.
The monument to the 11th Mississippi Infantry Regiment is located in Gettysburg municipality, Adams County, Pennsylvania, northwest of Carroll County, Maryland.
Atlantic City International Airport is located 23 meters above sea level in Egg Harbor, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Elliot C., who visited the University of Texas at Austin, died in St. Louis, whose mayor is Francis G. Sley.
The Gubbio site is in Italy.
Barajas, operated by ENAIRE Madrid Center, is located in Alcobendas, Spain.
Construction of Adisham Hall began in 1927 and ended in 1931. It is in the style of Tudorovsky and Jacobinsky, and is located in Sri Lanka.
(103) Hera, which has an epoch on August 27, 2011, has an apocenter 437170000.0 kilometers and an orbital period of 1622.213 days.
The movie The City of Heroes, in which Ryan Potter plays one of the characters - Baymax, was distributed Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
Barajas is located in Madrid, Spain, where the party Aora Madrid leads.
Julia Morgan designed many significant buildings, including the building of Los Angeles Herald Examiner.
Philippines is the birthplace of the dish in baroque. Iloki and Igorots are ethnic groups from the Philippines, where the languages spoken include Arabic and Philippine English.
Shumai is a dish from China.
Bhumai comes from India, the Karnataka area, where the leaders are Samitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala.
Ahoblanco is a meal common in Spanish-speaking Spain, the leader of which is Philip VI. It is also home to Spaniards, and payments can be made in euros on its territory.
The full name of FC "Gubbio" is Sports Club "Gubbio" and it competed in the season 2014. Their home ground is called the Stadium "Pietro Barbetti" and they have 5300 members.
Alderney is 88 meters above sea level and serves the city of Alderney. It has the 1st runway made of cereals, which is called 08 / 26 and is 733.0 in length.
FC "Fyld" (England), which has the full name of Football Club "Fyld", is based in Briining Lane. The club has 3180 members and played in 2014.
The monument to Turkish soldiers in Baku is known in Turkish as Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Acharya Institute of Technology (President - B.M. Reddy) is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya, Dr. Sarvali Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, India - 560090... The Institute was established in 2000, has 700 postgraduate students and is a branch of the Wiesweswaraia University of Technology in Belgaum.
(103) Hera was discovered on August 27, 2011 by James Craig Watson, who died in Madison, Wisconsin.
1089 Tama (formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD); has an orbital period of 1202,846 days, a pericenter of 288749000000.0, and an epoch of 26.11.2005.
Pietro Grasso is the leader in Italy, where the Gubbio FC stadium is located.
Asphalt is the surface of the first runway of Angola International Airport.