Baked Alaska, which comes from the United States, is a dessert. Cookie can be a variation of Dessert. African Americans are an ethnic group of the United States.
The full name of Akron Summit Assault, the manager of which is Denzil Antonio, is Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault. Its stadium has 3,000 seats. Akron Summit Assault played in the 2011 PDL season season.
Bandeja paisa, which comes from Colombian cuisine, contains avocado. It is found in Paisa Region.
Peter Laird, who is from the United States, created April O'Neil.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania, an ethnic group of which are Germans of Romania. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania. The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle. The capital of Romania is Bucharest. The anthem of Romania is Deșteaptă-te, române!.
The magnitude of 103 Hera is 7.66.
BLT, a variation of which club sandwich can be, contains lettuce. Blt can be a variation of Bacon sandwich.
The orbital period of 10 Hygiea is 5.57 days.
The stadium of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1,500 seats. Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which plays home games in Efxeinoupoli.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988-11-22.
The length of the runway of Ardmore Airport is 518.
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam.
The AWH Engineering College is in Kerala, the leader of which is Kochi. Mahé, India is located to the northwest of Kerala.
The orbital period of 1097 Vicia, last seen on December 31, 2006, is 135,589,000.
Blt can be a variation of Bacon sandwich, which contains bread.
Bhajji, found in Karnataka, comes from India, the leaders of which are T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi.
Binignit, found in Visayas, contains sweet potato. The main ingredient in it is coconut milk. Binignit comes from Philippines.
Karl Kesel is from Americans.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, established in 2000, is in Bangalore, India. It has 700 postgraduate students. It is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090..
The full name of A.S. Roma, which plays home games in Rome, Italy, is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A.. Its stadium has 70,634 seats.
A.C. Lumezzane played in the 2014–15 Lega Pro season.
Live Nation Entertainment owns the 3Arena, which is in Dublin. Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin. Dublin is in the Republic of Ireland.
James Craig Watson, who died of Peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin, discovered 103 Hera.
Julia Morgan, born in California, designed Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Riverside Art Museum, the Hearst Castle and the Chinatown, San Francisco.
Amdavad ni Gufa is in Gujarat, India. Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are the leaders of India.
Baked Alaska, found in Hong Kong, comes from France, the leaders of which are Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher. The French language is spoken in France.
Ayam penyet, which contains fried chicken, is found in Malaysia. It comes from Indonesia. The main ingredient in Ayam penyet is squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group of Malaysia.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, which is in Aarhus, Denmark, has 737 staff members. School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, established in 1928, is affiliated with European University Association. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark.
Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool. A.F.C. Blackpool play their home games in Blackpool and he played for Stockport County F.C.. Conservative Party is the leader of Blackpool.
The name of the runway at Ashgabat International Airport is 11/29.
The apoapsis of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 254,989,570.60815 kilometres.
White South African are an ethnic group of South Africa.
Bakewell pudding, a variation of which bakewell tart can be, is found in Derbyshire Dales. The main ingredients in it are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
AZAL Arena is in Baku.
Arrabbiata sauce, which comes from Italy, contains chili pepper. It is found in Rome.
Bionico, the main ingredients in which are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins, comes from Mexico. It is found in Jalisco and contains raisin.
The stadium of A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5,300 seats. A.S. Gubbio 1910 play their home games in Gubbio.
Asam pedas, found in Sumatra, comes from Malaysia, an ethnic group of which are Malaysian Malay. Batak are an ethnic group of Sumatra.
20 Fenchurch Street is in the United Kingdom, the capital of which is London. Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom. The currency of the United Kingdom is the Pound sterling. Boris Johnson is the leader of London.
200 Public Square is in Cleveland, the leader of which is Frank G. Jackson. Cleveland is in the United States.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, which is in Brazil. They play their home games in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is in Alagoas.
Arròs negre, which contains cuttlefish, is found in Valencian Community.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, which is affiliated with European University Association, is in Aarhus, which the magistrate governs. Mols is located to the northeast of Aarhus. Brussels is the headquarters of the European University Association.
The Arabic language is spoken in Iraq.
James Craig Watson, who is from Canada, discovered 103 Hera. He died of Peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
Bionico, a variation of which honey can be, comes from Mexico, the leader of which is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. It is a dessert.
Alan Bean, born in Wheeler, Texas, is from the United States (test pilot). NASA selected retired Alan Bean in 1963.
Gubbio is found in Umbria.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, the leaders of which are Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi. The capital of Italy is Rome.
Beef kway teow, the main ingredients in which are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil, is found in Singapore. Beef kway teow, which comes from Singapore and Indonesia, contains sesame oil.
The main runway of Alderney Airport is made of poaceae. The length of its runway is 877. The Alderney Airport serves Alderney.
Marv Wolfman created Bibbo Bibbowski, the full name of which is Bo Bibbowski.
Poaceae, which belongs to the order of the Poales and the order of the Commelinids, manufactured the Flowering plant. The main runway of Alderney Airport is made of poaceae.
The county seat of Andrews County, Texas is Andrews, Texas.
Bakewell tart contains frangipane.
Binignit, which is a dessert, contains banana. Cookie can be a variation of Dessert.
Lemon belongs to the order of the Rosids.
Ampara Hospital, found in Ampara District, is in Sri Lanka, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of Sri Lanka. Austin Fernando is the leader of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
Adisham Hall, the architectural style of which is Tudor Revival architecture, is in Haputale, Sri Lanka.
The length of the runway at Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 3,500. Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
Alba Iulia is in Romania, which the Prime Minister of Romania governs. The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, which is also called Asa Gigante , plays in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, which is in Brazil. The champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C are Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
The full name of Bibbo Bibbowski is Bo Bibbowski.
Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of Acharya Institute of Technology, established in 2000. The Acharya Institute of Technology, which is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., is in Karnataka, India. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, which is in Belgaum.
250 Delaware Avenue, the architectural style of which is Postmodern architecture, is in Buffalo, New York. Its construction began in January, 2014. 250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843.8m2 and 12 floors.
A.C. Chievo Verona play their home games in Verona, Italy. Their stadium has 39,371 seats.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20, 1930.
The name of the runway at Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14L/32R.
Bionico, which is a dessert, comes from Mexico. The main ingredients in Bionico, found in Jalisco, are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins. Bionico contains raisin.
Elliot See, born in Dallas on July 23, 1927, died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966.
René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo created Asterix.
Beef kway teow comes from Singapore, the leader of which is Tony Tan. The English language is spoken in Singapore.
AFC Ajax played in the 2014–15 Topklasse season. Its stadium has 5,000 seats.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is in Azerbaijan, is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner manufactured it.
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument, which is in Monocacy National Battlefield, was established in 1907-07-11. Monocacy National Battlefield, the nearest city to which is Frederick, Maryland, is in Frederick County, Maryland.
Alan Bean, born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15, 1932, is from the United States (test pilot). He graduated from UT Austin, B.S. 1955. He was a crew member of Apollo 12. He is retired.
1101 Clematis, the orbital period of which is 183,309,000, was last seen on December 31, 2006. Its apoapsis is 520,906,000 kilometres.
Elliot See, born in Dallas, graduated from University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with University of Texas System. Dallas is a county in List of counties in Texas. University of Texas at Austin competed in the Big 12 Conference.
Ajoblanco, the main ingredient in which is Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil, comes from Spain. It is found in Andalusia and contains bread. It is also known as Ajo blanco.
The Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp. Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium, in which Antwerp is.
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operates Atlantic City International Airport. The name of its runway is 4/22.
Barny Cakes, which contains sponge cake, comes from France, in which the French language is spoken. Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone are the leaders of France.
AFC Ajax play their home games in Amsterdam. Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam.
Appleton International Airport, which serves Appleton, Wisconsin, is in Greenville, Wisconsin and 280 metres above the sea level. The length of its runway, the name of which is 3/21, is 2,439.
250 Delaware Avenue is in the United States, in which the English language is spoken. The President of the United States governs them. Joe Biden is the leader of the United States.
Bionico, which is a dessert, comes from Mexico, in which the Spanish language is spoken. Cookie can be a variation of Dessert. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.
108 St Georges Terrace, completed in 1988, has 50 floors.
Batagor, variations of which siomay and shumai can be, comes from Indonesia, the leader of which is Joko Widodo. Siomay contains peanut sauce.
Arròs negre is found in Valencian Community.
The length of the runway of Andrews County Airport is 896.
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka, the capital of which is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. The currency of Sri Lanka is the Sri Lankan rupee.
AWH Engineering College is in India, the largest city in which is Mumbai. The Ganges river is in India.
Arrabbiata sauce contains chili pepper.
Andrews County Airport, which serves Andrews, Texas, is in Texas and 973 metres above the sea level. The length of its runway is 929.
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument, which is in the United States (historic districts in the united states), Monocacy National Battlefield, was established in 1907-07-11. The National Park Service owns it. Monocacy National Battlefield is in Frederick County, Maryland.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania, an ethnic group of which are Germans of Romania. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania. The Prime Minister of Romania governs Romania. The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle. The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, the Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places of which is 88002539, is in U.S. Route 83.
The stadium of AEK Athens F.C. Has 69,618 seats. AEK Athens F.C. play their home games in Greece,  in Superleague Greece and played in the 2014 season.
Baked Alaska, found in New York, comes from France. It contains meringue.
United States Air Force operates Al Asad Airbase, which is in Iraq. The length of its runway is 3,992.88.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
Thomas Pallesen was the dean of School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, which is in Aarhus, Denmark. School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with European University Association. Brussels is the headquarters of the European University Association. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark.
Buzz Aldrin, who is from the United States (fighter pilot), was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20, 1930. Buzz Aldrin, who was a crew member of Apollo 11, spent 52 minutes in space. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, the tenant of which is Marriott International, is in Denmark, in which the Greenlandic language is spoken. Marriott International was founded in Washington, D.C.. Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International.
The apoapsis of 101 Helena is 441,092,000 kilometres.
John van den Brom, who played for AFC Ajax and İstanbulspor A.Ş., is the manager of AZ Alkmaar, which Robert Eenhoorn owns.
Bakso, which contains noodle, is found in Indonesia. It comes from Indonesia. The main ingredients in Bakso are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
The length of the runway of Angola International Airport is 3,800. The Angola International Airport serves Luanda.
Christian Panucci, who played for Italy national football team, is the manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio.
Athens, which the Athens International Airport serves, is in Greece, the leaders of which are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos. The Greek language is spoken in Greece.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, the dean of which was Mario Botta, is in Switzerland. It has 600 students.
Flemish Government operates Antwerp International Airport, which Flemish Region owns. Antwerp International Airport is 12 metres above the sea level. The length of its runway is 600.
Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn created Bolt.
The mass of 103 Hera is 7.9 kilograms.
The apoapsis of (410777) 2009 FD, the minimum temperature of which is 211 kelvins, is 259,776,702.47055 kilometres.
The Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves Fallujah.
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago, the leader of which is Rahm Emanuel. Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois.
Christian Panucci, who played for A.S. Roma, is the manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio.
AWH Engineering College, established in 2001, is in India, Kuttikkattoor. It has 250 staff members. The largest city in India is Mumbai.
200 Public Square, which is in the United States, has 45 floors.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, the dean of which was Mario Botta, is in Switzerland, Mendrisio. It has 600 students and 100 staff members.
Baked Alaska, which contains sponge cake, is a dessert. Cookie can be a variation of Dessert.
Massimo Drago, who played for U.S. Castrovillari Calcio and A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925, is the manager of A.C. Cesena.
BBC broadcasts Bananaman, in which Jill Shilling stars.
The full name of A.S. Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A.. A.S. Roma play their home games in Stadio Olimpico and  in Serie A. The champions of the Serie A are Juventus F.C..
Gary Cohn and Ernie Colón created Bolt, which is also known as Larry Bolatinsky. Ernie Colón is from Puerto Ricans.
Bacon Explosion, which contains sausage, comes from the United States. Bacon Explosion, the main ingredient in which is bacon, is found in Kansas City metropolitan area.
Ayam penyet, which comes from Java, is found in Nationwide, also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore. It contains fried chicken and can be served Hot. The main ingredient in Ayam penyet is squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
A Poaceae is of the Monocotyledon class. The main runway at Alderney Airport is made of poaceae.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, in which the Italian language is spoken. Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
Batchoy comes from Philippines, ethnic groups of which are Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino. The Philippine Spanish language is spoken in Philippines.
Ajoblanco, which comes from Spain, is found in Andalusia. Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain. Spaniards live in Spain. Susana Díaz is the leader of Andalusia.
Duncan Rouleau, who is from Americans, created Baymax, which is a character in Big Hero 6. Damon Wayans, Jr. stars in Big Hero 6.
Ajoblanco, which comes from Spain, is found in Andalusia. Susana Díaz is the leader of Andalusia. Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain.
James Craig Watson, who graduated from University of Michigan, discovered 101 Helena. He is from Canada and died of Peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
Julia Morgan, born in California, designed Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Chinatown, San Francisco.
Alba Iulia is in Romania.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves New Jersey.
Asser Levy Public Baths, the Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places of which is 80002709, is in Avenue A. It was built in 1904. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980.
Arrabbiata sauce, which contains olive oil, comes from Italy.
Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group of Malaysia.
Bakso contains vermicelli.
Peter Laird is from the United States.
Vica is the manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
Barny Cakes comes from France, the leader of which is Claude Bartolone.
New York City is part of New Netherland.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is in Azerbaijan, is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Its native name is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı. Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner manufactured the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial. Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of Red granite and white marble.
Luciano Spalletti played for Udinese Calcio.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark.
Akron Summit Assault play their home games in St. Vincent–St. Mary High School and  in Premier Development League. The champions of the Premier Development League are K-W United FC.
A.F.C. Fylde play their home games in The Fylde.
Infraero, which is in Brasília, operates Afonso Pena International Airport.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
F. Vilas discovered 107 Camilla, last seen on December 31, 2006. The orbital period of 107 Camilla is 2,368.05 days. The periapsis of 107 Camilla is 479,343,000 kilometres. The apoapsis of 107 Camilla is 560,937,000 kilometres.
Buzz Aldrin, who is a fighter pilot, was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Beef kway teow, which contains palm sugar, comes from Singapore.
Baked Alaska, found in New York, comes from the United States. It contains christmas pudding.
The name of the runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 06/24 Kaagbaan.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, which is in Denmark, has 737 staff members. School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, established in 1928, is affiliated with European University Association.
Andrews County Airport is in Texas, in which the English language is spoken. Texan live in it. Texas is in the United States.
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of Sri Lanka, the currency of which is the Sri Lankan rupee.
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, the headquarters of which is Four World Trade Center, operates Atlantic City International Airport, which is in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey is in the United States.
A Poaceae, which belongs to the order of the Commelinids, is of the Monocotyledon class. The second runway at Ardmore Airport is made of poaceae.
The champions of the Premier Development League are K-W United FC.
Addis Ababa is in Ethiopia, the leader of which is Hailemariam Desalegn. Addis Ababa City Hall is in Addis Ababa.
11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa.
BBC, the key person at which is Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead, broadcasts Bananaman. It is in London.
Barny Cakes, which contains sponge cake, comes from France, the leaders of which are Gérard Larcher and François Hollande. The French language is spoken in France.
BBC broadcasts Bananaman, in which Graeme Garden stars.
Dublin is in the Republic of Ireland.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is in Azerbaijan, is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Its native name is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia, Romania. Germans of Romania are an ethnic group of Romania, which the Prime Minister of Romania governs. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest. The anthem of Romania is Deșteaptă-te, române!.
B.M. Reddy is the president of Acharya Institute of Technology, which is in Bangalore.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6, the distributor of which is Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. Scott Adsit stars in Big Hero 6.
Alan Shepard, who died in California, was a crew member of Apollo 14, which NASA operated. He was born in New Hampshire. He received the Distinguished Service Medal, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in 2000, is in the United States (contributing property), Pennsylvania.
AZAL PFK play in Azerbaijan Premier League, the champions of which are Qarabağ FK. They play their home games in AZAL Arena. AZAL Arena is in Azerbaijan.
Amatriciana sauce contains pecorino romano.
The full name of Bozo the Iron Man is Hugh Hazzard.
The name of the runway at Andrews County Airport is 11/29.
Ayam penyet, the main ingredient in which is squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal, comes from Java.
Amdavad ni Gufa is in India, the leaders of which are T. S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan.
Akita Museum of Art is in Japan, Akita, Akita. Akita, Akita is part of Akita Prefecture. Tarō Asō is the leader of Japan, an ethnic group of which are Japanese people.
Alan Shepard died in California on July 21, 1998. Dianne Feinstein is a senator from California.
Siomay contains peanut sauce.
Agra Airport, which Indian Air Force operates, is in India. Its ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, an ethnic group of which are White Americans. Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C.. The English language is spoken in the United States.
Amatriciana sauce, which comes from Italy, is found in Lazio. It contains guanciale and is a italian meal structure. The main ingredients in Amatriciana sauce are tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
The main ingredients in Beef kway teow, found in Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia, are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. Beef kway teow, which contains oyster sauce, comes from Indonesia.
Batagor, which contains peanut sauce, comes from Indonesia. Siomay can be a variation of Batagor, the main ingredient in which is fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Alan Shepard, who is a test pilot, was a crew member of Apollo 14, which NASA operated. He was born in New Hampshire.
Philip Charles Hardwick designed Adare Manor, completed in 1862. J. P. McManus owns it.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Karnataka. Arabian Sea is located to the west there.
Binignit, found in Visayas, contains sweet potato. The main ingredient in it is sago. Binignit is a dessert. It comes from Philippines.
The English language is spoken in the Republic of Ireland.
Pietro Canonica manufactured the Atatürk Monument, which is made of Bronze. The Atatürk Monument was inaugurated on July 27, 1932. It is in Turkey, the leader of which is Ahmet Davutoğlu. The capital of Turkey is Ankara.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States.
College of William & Mary owns the Alan B. Miller Hall.
Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool. A.F.C. Blackpool play their home games in Blackpool and he played for Stockport County F.C.. Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool.
James Craig Watson, who is from Canada, discovered 103 Hera.
California is well known for the Benitoite gemstone.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths is in New York City. New York City, which is part of Manhattan and New Netherland, is in the United States.
Batchoy, the main ingredients in which are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef, comes from Philippines. It contains vegetable.
Bionico, which contains granola, is found in Guadalajara.
Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin created Bolt, which is also known as Larry Bolatinsky.
The length of the runway at Ashgabat International Airport is 3,800. Ashgabat International Airport is in Ashgabat.
The escape velocity of 103 Hera, the temperature of which is 170 kelvins, is 0.0482 kilometres per second. The apoapsis of 103 Hera is 437,170,000 kilometres.
AEK Athens F.C. played in the 2014–15 Football League season.
Bhajji is also known as Bhaji and bajji.
AZAL PFK play in Azerbaijan Premier League, the champions of which are Qarabağ FK. They play their home games in AZAL Arena.
110 Lydia, the orbital period of which is 142,603,000, was last seen on December 31, 2006.
Appleton International Airport, which serves Appleton, Wisconsin, is in Greenville, Wisconsin, which is part of Menasha (town), Wisconsin and Clayton, Winnebago County, Wisconsin. Greenville, Wisconsin is in the United States.
Alpena County Regional Airport, which serves Alpena, Michigan, is in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and 210 metres above the sea level. The length of its runway, the name of which is 1/19, is 2,744.
109 Felicitas, the orbital period of which is 139,705,000, was last seen on December 31, 2006. Its periapsis is 283,326,000,000. The escape velocity of 109 Felicitas is 0.0473 kilometres per second.
Christian Panucci, who played for Genoa C.F.C. and Real Madrid C.F., is the manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio.
Tim Brooke-Taylor stars in Bananaman, which BBC broadcasts. Bananaman last aired on April 15, 1986.
Akron Summit Assault played in the 2011 PDL season season. Its stadium has 3,000 seats.
Alan Shepard, who received the Distinguished Service Medal, died in California. The fossil Smilodon was found there.
Bionico is found in Jalisco.
Banyumasan people are an ethnic group of Java.
N. R. Pogson, born in Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla, last seen on December 31, 2006.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, the leader of which is John Roberts.
James Craig Watson, who graduated from University of Michigan, discovered 103 Hera, the periapsis of which is 371,240,000 kilometres. He is from Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Andrews County Airport is in Texas, in which the Spanish language is spoken. Texan live in it. Texas is in the United States.
Tomato, which is part of the family Solanaceae, manufactured the Flowering plant. Arrabbiata sauce contains tomato.
Batchoy comes from Philippines, an ethnic group of which are Chinese Filipino.
Amdavad ni Gufa is in Ahmedabad and Gujarat. Anandiben Patel is the leader of Gujarat.
The main ingredients in Bandeja paisa, found in Paisa Region, are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon. Bandeja paisa, which contains hogao, comes from Colombian cuisine.
Alan Shepard, who was a crew member of Apollo 14, graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M.A. He died in California. He was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. NASA selected Alan Shepard, who is from the United States, in 1959.
The Arabic language is spoken in Philippines.
The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which is in Copenhagen, is Marriott International. 3XN designed AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen. AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 23 floors.
Elliot See, who died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966, graduated from University of Texas at Austin. He was born in Dallas. He is from the United States.
Alpena County Regional Airport, which serves Alpena, Michigan, is in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and 210 metres above the sea level. The length of its runway, the name of which is 7/25, is 1,533.
(66063) 1998 RO1, the orbital period of which is 360.29 days, was last seen on November 04, 2013. Its escape velocity is 0.0999 kilometres per second. The apoapsis of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 254,989,570.60815 kilometres.
The apoapsis of (410777) 2009 FD is 259,776,702.47055 kilometres.
A Poaceae is of the Monocotyledon class. The third runway of Ardmore Airport is made of poaceae.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, the tenant of which is Marriott International, is in Denmark, the leader of which is Lars Løkke Rasmussen. Marriott International was founded in Washington, D.C.. The Greenlandic language is spoken in Denmark.
Paulo Sousa, who played for Juventus F.C., is the manager of ACF Fiorentina.
Jack Kirby created Balder.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is in Azerbaijan, is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku. Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan. The National Assembly legislates in Azerbaijan.
The Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is 88002539.
Alan Shepard, who died in California, is a test pilot. He was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. He received the Distinguished Service Medal, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The average speed of 10 Hygiea is 16.76 kilometres per second.
The mascot of University of Texas at Austin is Hook em.
The length of the runway of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, the name of which is 14L/32R, is 4,100. Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Madrid.
The main ingredients in Baked Alaska, which comes from France, United States or China, are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake or christmas pudding. Baked Alaska is found in Paris, New York or Hong Kong and contains meringue.
Arem-arem, which is a main course, contains banana leaf. The main ingredient in Arem-arem, found in Nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java, is compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a contributing property in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Franklin County, Pennsylvania is located to the west of Adams County, Pennsylvania. Carroll County, Maryland is located to the southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania. Cumberland County, Pennsylvania is located to the north of Adams County, Pennsylvania. Frederick County, Maryland is located to the southwest of Adams County, Pennsylvania.
The stadium of A.F.C. Fylde has 3,180 seats. A.F.C. Fylde play their home games in Lancashire.
Stuart Parker, who played for Drogheda United F.C. and Runcorn F.C. Halton, is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool.
The stadium of 1. FC Magdeburg has 27,250 seats. 1. FC Magdeburg played in the 2014–15 Regionalliga season.
United States Air Force, which has an attack aircraft called Lockheed AC-130 and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter, operates Al Asad Airbase. It uses the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as aircraft transport. It was involved in the Korean War.
Akita Museum of Art is in Akita Prefecture and Akita, Akita. Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group of Japan, in which Akita Prefecture is.
20 Fenchurch Street, which has a floor area of 62145.3m2, has 34 floors.
AZAL PFK is in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam. The length of its runway is 2,014.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall, completed in 1931, is Tudor and Jacabian. Adisham Hall is in Haputale.
Massimo Drago played for S.S. Chieti Calcio.
John van den Brom, who played for Vitesse Arnhem, AFC Ajax and Netherlands national football team, is the manager of AZ Alkmaar.
Asam pedas, the main ingredient in which is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce, comes from Malaysia. It is found in Malay Peninsula.
Addis Ababa City Hall is in Ethiopia, Addis Ababa. Addis Ababa is part of Addis Ababa Stadium. Mulatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia.
Beef kway teow, found in Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia, comes from Singapore, in which the English language is spoken. Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are the leaders of Singapore.
William Anders, who graduated from AFIT, M.S. 1962, is retired.
Alan Shepard, born in New Hampshire, died in California. He received the Distinguished Service Medal, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, the motto of which is Nurturing Excellence, is in Bangalore, India.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall, which is in Sri Lanka, is Tudor and Jacabian. Adisham Hall was completed in 1931. Its construction began in 1927. Adisham Hall is located at St. Benedicts Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka.
Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of Acharya Institute of Technology, established in 2000. Acharya Institute of Technology, which is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, is in India.
United States Air Force, which has an attack aircraft called Lockheed AC-130 and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter, operates Al Asad Airbase. It was involved in the Operation Enduring Freedom.
Bakso, which comes from Indonesia, is found in Indonesia. The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta. Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo are the leaders of Indonesia.
Baked Alaska, which contains sponge cake, comes from France.
Akita Museum of Art is in Japan, Akita Prefecture and Akita, Akita. Vietnamese people in Japan are an ethnic group of Japan.
The length of the runway of Atlantic City International Airport, the name of which is 4/22, is 1,873. Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operates Atlantic City International Airport, which is 23 metres above the sea level. The ICAO location identifier of the Atlantic City International Airport is KACY.
The length of the runway at Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, the name of which is 14L/32R, is 4,100. Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, which is 610 metres above the sea level, is in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. ENAIRE operates it.
The main ingredient in Binignit, which contains banana, is sweet potato. Sweet potato belongs to the order of the Solanales.
Sergey Belyavsky discovered 1001 Gaussia, last seen on June 27, 2015. 1001 Gaussia was formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC. Its periapsis is 419,113,394.55312 kilometres.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama. Paracuellos de Jarama, which is part of Community of Madrid, is in Spain.
110 Lydia, the mass of which is 6.7 kilograms, was last seen on December 31, 2006.
The Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp, which is in Belgium. Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium, in which the Dutch language is spoken.
200 Public Square is in Cleveland, which is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. Cleveland is in the United States. The Cleveland City Council governs it.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania and Adams County, Pennsylvania. Carroll County, Maryland is located to the southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania. Cumberland County, Pennsylvania is located to the north of Adams County, Pennsylvania.
Blt can be a variation of Bacon sandwich, which comes from the United Kingdom. Bacon sandwich contains condiment.
The fifth runway of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of asphalt.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 play their home games in Italy. Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy, in which the Italian language is spoken. The capital of Italy is Rome.
Flemish Government operates Antwerp International Airport, which Flemish Region owns. Antwerp International Airport is 12 metres above the sea level.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas, which is part of Community of Madrid.
Acharya Institute of Technology, the president of which is B.M. Reddy, is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The Acharya Institute of Technology, established in 2000, is in Bangalore, India, Karnataka. It is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090..
Meride is a neighboring municipality to Mendrisio.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia.
The fourth runway at Andrews County Airport is made of asphalt. Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above the sea level.
Danes live in Denmark.
The Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene, Texas, which is part of Texas.
Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, is in 23rd Street.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
Bacon Explosion, which contains sausage, comes from the United States.
A.C. Cesena play their home games in Cesena and  in Serie B. Their stadium has 23,900 seats.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka, the capital of which is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania and Adams County, Pennsylvania. Franklin County, Pennsylvania is located to the west of Adams County, Pennsylvania. Carroll County, Maryland is located to the southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania. Cumberland County, Pennsylvania is located to the north of Adams County, Pennsylvania.
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka, Haputale. Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of Sri Lanka, the capital of which is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. The currency of Sri Lanka is the Sri Lankan rupee.
Kevin Eastman created April O'Neil.
Bill Oddie stars in Bananaman, which first aired on October 03, 1983. STV broadcasts it.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, the dean of which was Mario Botta, is in Switzerland, Mendrisio, Ticino. It was established in 1996 and has 100 staff members.
St. Vincent–St. Mary High School is in the United States.
NASA operated Apollo 8.
Dave Challinor, who played for Stockport County F.C. and Colwyn Bay F.C., is the manager of A.F.C. Fylde.
Flemish Government operates Antwerp International Airport.
Alan Bean, who is from the United States, was a crew member of Apollo 12, which NASA operated. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12.
Elliot See, born in Dallas, graduated from University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with University of Texas System. He died in St. Louis.
Bakso, which comes from Indonesia, is found in Nationwide in Indonesia, also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries. The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta. The Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia. Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia.
AWH Engineering College is in India, Kerala, Kuttikkattoor. It has 250 staff members. Mahé, India is located to the northwest of Kerala. The largest city in India, in which the Ganges river is, is Mumbai.
Turkmenistan Airlines, the headquarters of which is Turkmenistan, operates Ashgabat International Airport.
B.M. Reddy is the president of Acharya Institute of Technology, which is in Bangalore, India. Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000. It is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Bakewell pudding can be served warm  or cold.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is in Azerbaijan, is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
Roger Stern and Tom Lyle created Blockbuster.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, the leader of which is Joe Biden. Asian Americans are an ethnic group of the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C.. The English language is spoken in the United States.
Marv Wolfman received the Eagle Award.
AFC Ajax is also called Joden, Godenzonen.
Buzz Aldrin, who was a crew member of Apollo 11, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963. He is retired.
Amatriciana sauce, which contains tomato, comes from Italy.
Alan Shepard, born in New Hampshire, spent 13,017 minutes in space. The purple finch is a bird that is from New Hampshire.
B.M. Reddy is the president of Acharya Institute of Technology, which is in Bangalore, India. Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of Acharya Institute of Technology. Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000. It is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Airports Authority of India operates Agra Airport, the IATA location identifier of which is AGR. The ICAO location identifier of the Agra Airport is VIAG. Agra Airport is in Agra.
United States Air Force, which was involved in the Operation Enduring Freedom, operates Al Asad Airbase.
Baymax, which Steven T. Seagle created, is a character in Big Hero 6.
Elliot See, who died in St. Louis, graduated from University of Texas at Austin. He was born in Dallas. He is from the United States.
The escape velocity of 1099 Figneria, the temperature of which is 156 kelvins, is 0.0155 kilometres per second. The apoapsis of 1099 Figneria is 605,718,000 kilometres.
The Appleton International Airport serves Appleton, Wisconsin, which is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Walter Baade, who died in Göttingen, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He was born in the German Empire. He graduated from University of Göttingen.
Bionico comes from Mexico, the leader of which is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. The currency of Mexico is the Mexican peso.
Alan Bean, who is from the United States (test pilot), was a crew member of Apollo 12, which NASA operated. He was born in Wheeler, Texas.
Alan Bean, who retired in June 1981, was a crew member of Apollo 12, the backup pilot of which was Alfred Worden. His birth name is Alan LaVern Bean. NASA operated Apollo 12. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12.
The AWH Engineering College is in Kerala, the leader of which is Kochi.
The periapsis of (410777) 2009 FD, which Spacewatch discovered, is 88,234,300,000.
United States Air Force operates Al Asad Airbase, which is in Iraq. The length of its runway, the name of which is 08/26, is 3,990.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, the leader of which is John Roberts. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C..
The orbital period of 1089 Tama is 1,202.846 days.
Buzz Aldrin, who is from the United States, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey.
The German language is spoken in Belgium.
The main ingredient in Batagor is fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
The construction of Adare Manor began in 1700.
Julia Morgan, born in San Francisco, designed Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Riverside Art Museum, the Hearst Castle and the Asilomar State Beach.
The stadium of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17,000 seats. The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, in which Italians live. The capital of Italy is Rome. The Italian language is spoken in Italy. Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
The stadium of A.F.C. Blackpool has 1,500 seats.
3Arena, which HOK SVE designed, is in Dublin. It was completed in December 2008.
The escape velocity of (19255) 1994 VK8, the mass of which is 5.6 kilograms, is 0.0925 kilometres per second. The apoapsis of (19255) 1994 VK8 is 6,603,633,000 kilometres.
William Anders, who is from the United States (fighter pilot), retired on September 01, 1969. He was born in British Hong Kong on October 17, 1933. He graduated from AFIT, M.S. 1962.
The genus of Celery, which is part of the family Apiaceae, is Apium. Bakso contains celery.
Batagor, a variation of which shumai can be, comes from Indonesia. Siomay can be a variation of Shumai, which contains shiitake.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan governs it. Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan. The National Assembly legislates in Azerbaijan.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 737 staff members.
The main ingredients in Beef kway teow, which contains palm sugar, are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia. It comes from Singapore and Indonesia.
Akita Museum of Art, which is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori, has 3 floors.
The average speed of 101 Helena, the apoapsis of which is 441,092,000 kilometres, is 18.44 kilometres per second.
United States Air Force uses the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as aircraft transport.
Flemish Government is the leader of Flemish Region.
Marv Wolfman received the Kirby Award.
The main ingredients in Bacon sandwich, which comes from the United Kingdom, are bread and bacon, with a condiment and often ketchup or brown sauce. Bacon sandwich contains ketchup. It is also known as Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
Akita Museum of Art is in Akita, Akita and Akita Prefecture. Akita, Akita is in Japan.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, the champions of which are Vila Nova Futebol Clube. They play their home games in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca.
Mulatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia.
Cookie can be a variation of Dessert. Baked Alaska is a dessert.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez played for FC Dallas.
Alan Bean, who is a test pilot, was a crew member of Apollo 12, which NASA operated. He was born in Wheeler, Texas. He is retired. He graduated from UT Austin, B.S. 1955. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12.
11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town. Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader of South Africa.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 play their home games in Italy. Italians live in Italy, the leader of which is Sergio Mattarella.
B. V. Doshi designed Amdavad ni Gufa.
Elliot See is a test pilot.
Stuart Parker, who played for Chesterfield F.C. and Runcorn F.C. Halton, is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool.
11264 Claudiomaccone, the periapsis of which is 296,521,000 kilometres, was last seen on November 26, 2005.
Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle created Baymax, which is a character in Big Hero 6. Duncan Rouleau is from Americans. Scott Adsit stars in Big Hero 6.
Apple can be a variation of Barny Cakes, which contains 18.0 g of carbs and 1.8 g of proteins.
College of William & Mary owns the Alan B. Miller Hall, which is in Williamsburg, Virginia. The construction of Alan B. Miller Hall began in 30 March 2007.
United States Air Force, which has an attack aircraft called Lockheed AC-130 and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter, operates Al Asad Airbase. It was involved in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.
United States Air Force, which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada, operates Al Asad Airbase. It has an attack aircraft called Lockheed AC-130 and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter.
Alan Bean, who is from the United States (test pilot), was a crew member of Apollo 12, the backup pilot of which was Alfred Worden. He was born in Wheeler, Texas. NASA operated Apollo 12. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12.
The orbital period of 110 Lydia, the periapsis of which is 377,016,000,000, is 142,603,000. 110 Lydia was last seen on December 31, 2006.
Alan Shepard, born in New Hampshire, was a crew member of Apollo 14, which NASA operated. He received the Distinguished Service Medal, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
AZAL PFK, which are in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan, play their home games in AZAL Arena.
Carroll County, Maryland is located to the southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania.
Bacon sandwich, which contains bread, is also known as Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
Bhajji, the main ingredients in which are gram flour and vegetables, comes from India. It contains gram flour.
The apoapsis of 1099 Figneria, the average speed of which is 16.37 kilometres per second, is 605,718,000 kilometres.
Buzz Aldrin, who spent 52 minutes in space, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a crew member of Apollo 11.
James Craig Watson, who is from Canada, discovered 103 Hera.
1097 Vicia, which was formerly known as 1928 PC, was last seen on December 31, 2006. Its periapsis is 279,142,000,000.
3Arena, which Populous designed, is in Dublin.
Amdavad ni Gufa is in Gujarat, Ahmedabad, India. T. S. Thakur is the leader of India.
The length of the runway of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, the name of which is 14L/32R, is 4,349. Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, which is 610 metres above the sea level, is in Madrid. ENAIRE operates it.
B.M. Reddy is the president of Acharya Institute of Technology, which is in Bangalore, India, Karnataka. Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of Acharya Institute of Technology. Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000. Its motto is Nurturing Excellence.
250 Delaware Avenue is in the United States, the capital of which is Washington, D.C.. The President of the United States governs them. John Roberts and Barack Obama are the leaders of the United States.
The main ingredient in Binignit, which comes from Philippines, is banana.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, established in 1928, is in Aarhus, Denmark.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is in Azerbaijan, is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan governs Azerbaijan. Artur Rasizade is the leader there.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is made of Red granite and white marble, is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı.
Agra Airport, which Indian Air Force operates, is in Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh. Indian Air Force has the HAL Light Combat Helicopter aircraft helicopter. Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh.
A.F.C. Blackpool play their home games in Blackpool.
Allama Iqbal International Airport, which Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority operates, is in Pakistan. The length of its runway, the name of which is 18L/36R, is 3,310. The Allama Iqbal International Airport serves Lahore.
Adare Manor, which James Pain designed, was completed in 1862. J. P. McManus owns it.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania, an ethnic group of which are Germans of Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest. The anthem of Romania is Deșteaptă-te, române!.
Buzz Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Ardmore Airport is in Auckland.
The main ingredient in Ajoblanco is Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is in Azerbaijan.
Alan Bean was a crew member of Apollo 12, the backup pilot of which was Alfred Worden. NASA operated Apollo 12. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, which is in Brazil. It played in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C season. The champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C are Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Ampara Hospital, found in Ampara District, is in Sri Lanka.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, the capital of which is Rome. Laura Boldrini is the leader of Italy. The Italian language is spoken in Italy.
John Madin, who designed 103 Colmore Row, was born in Birmingham. The postal code of Birmingham, the leader of which is Andrew Mitchell, is B postcode area.
George Winkler designed 320 South Boston Building.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, the dean of which was Mario Botta, is in Switzerland, Mendrisio. It has 600 students and 100 staff members. It was established in 1996. The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland governs Switzerland.
Shumai can be a variation of Siomay.
Arrabbiata sauce, which contains tomato, is found in Rome. It comes from Italy.
NASA operated Apollo 14.
1089 Tama, the escape velocity of which is 0.0068 kilometres per second, was last seen on November 26, 2005. It was formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB;. Its orbital period is 1,202.846 days. The apoapsis of 1089 Tama is 373,513,000 kilometres.
Walter Baade, born in the German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He graduated from University of Göttingen. He was a doctoral student of Allan Sandage.
The length of the main runway of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3800. Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above the sea level.
The main ingredient in Binignit, found in Visayas, is sweet potato. Binignit, which comes from Philippines, is a dessert. It contains banana.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in San Sebastián de los Reyes, the leader party in which is Peoples Party. San Sebastián de los Reyes is in Spain.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland, Ticino. It has 600 students and was established in 1996. Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, is made of Red granite and white marble. Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner manufactured, is in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan governs it. The National Assembly legislates in Azerbaijan.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, the tenant of which is Marriott International, is in Denmark. It has 23 floors.
Ajoblanco, the main ingredient in which is Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil, comes from Spain. It is found in Andalusia and contains bread.
(66063) 1998 RO1 was last seen on November 04, 2013.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, is made of Red granite and white marble. It is in Azerbaijan, the leader of which is Artur Rasizade.
Luciano Spalletti, who played for Empoli F.C., is the manager of A.S. Roma.
Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group of the United States.
The length of the runway at Atlantic City International Airport, the name of which is 4/22, is 3,048. Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operates Atlantic City International Airport, which is 23 metres above the sea level.
The ICAO location identifier of the Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT.
The Abilene Regional Airport, which is 546 metres above the sea level, serves Abilene, Texas. The length of its runway, the name of which is 17R/35L, is 2,194. The ICAO location identifier of the Abilene Regional Airport is KABI.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, the leaders of which are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella. The capital of Italy is Rome. The Italian language is spoken in Italy.
The colour of Acharya Institute of Technology, to which All India Council for Technical Education gave the status of 'Technical Campus', is Blue, White and Orange.
Elliot See died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966. St. Louis is part of Kingdom of France.
Amdavad ni Gufa is in Gujarat, India. Anandiben Patel is the leader of Gujarat. Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
3Arena, which Populous designed, is in Dublin. It was completed in December 2008.
250 Delaware Avenue is in the United States, in which the English language is spoken. The President of the United States governs them. Joe Biden is the leader of the United States. White Americans are an ethnic group of the United States.
Antwerp International Airport is 12 metres above the sea level.
Arròs negre comes from Spain, in which the Spanish language is spoken. Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain.
Massimo Drago, who played for S.S.D. Potenza Calcio and Calcio Catania, is the manager of A.C. Cesena.
The maximum temperature of 1001 Gaussia is 165 kelvins.
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which is -3.3528 metres above the sea level, serves Amsterdam. The name of its runway, the length of which is 2,014, is 18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan.
Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland.
Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool. A.F.C. Blackpool play their home games in Blackpool and he played for Chesterfield F.C. and Stockport County F.C.. Labour Party is the leader of Blackpool.
The rotation period of 1097 Vicia is 95,040.
Arròs negre, which contains squid, comes from Spain.
Tim Brooke-Taylor stars in Bananaman, which Steve Bright created. Bananaman, which is broadcasted by STV, first aired on October 03, 1983.
The length of the runway of Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 3,684.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
The surface area of 10 Hygiea, the apoapsis of which is 523,951,582.33968 kilometres, is 837080.744. The temperature of 10 Hygiea is 164 kelvins.
The name of the runway of Atlantic City International Airport is 13/31.
Lemper can be a variation of Arem-arem, which contains banana leaf. The main ingredient in Arem-arem is compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. Arem-arem is found in Javanese cuisine.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is in Pacific Grove, California and was built in 1913. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27, 1987. The architectural style of Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places of which is 87000823, is Arts and Crafts movement.
(66391) 1999 KW4, the escape velocity of which is 0, was last seen on July 14, 2004. Its orbital period is 16,244,700. The apoapsis of (66391) 1999 KW4 is 162,164,091.8388 kilometres. The density of (66391) 1999 KW4 is 2 grams per cubic centimetres.
The construction of Alan B. Miller Hall began in 30 March 2007. Alan B. Miller Hall houses the Mason School of Business, which is in the United States.
Elliot See, born in Dallas, graduated from University of Texas at Austin, which competed in the Big 12 Conference. University of Texas at Austin is affiliated with University of Texas System. Gregory L. Fenves is its president.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 play their home games in Gubbio. Gubbio is found in Umbria.
The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium.
109 Felicitas, the mass of which is 7.5 kilograms, was last seen on December 31, 2006. Its orbital period is 139,705,000.
James Craig Watson graduated from University of Michigan.
Alan Shepard, who died in California, graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M.A. He was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. NASA selected Alan Shepard, who is from the United States, in 1959.
Ayam penyet, which comes from Java, is found in Singapore. Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java. The English language is spoken in Singapore. Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in 2000, is in the United States (contributing property), Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
Bionico, which is a dessert, comes from Mexico, the leader of which is Enrique Peña Nieto. Sandesh can be a variation of Dessert.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, the native name of which is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı, is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Alan Shepard, who died in California, was a crew member of Apollo 14, which NASA operated. He was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. He retired on August 01, 1974.
The construction of 20 Fenchurch Street began in January 2009.
STV broadcasts Bananaman.
Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan, part of which is New York City. Asser Levy Public Baths is in New York City. New York City is in the United States.
Batagor, a variation of which siomay can be, contains peanut sauce.
The rotation period of 109 Felicitas, last seen on December 31, 2006, is 47,487.6.
Mexicans live in Mexico.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh.
Angola International Airport is in Ícolo e Bengo. The length of its runway is 4,000. Ícolo e Bengo is in Angola.
The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
N. R. Pogson, who died in Chennai, discovered 107 Camilla, the magnitude of which is 7.08. He was born in Nottingham. He is from England.
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which serves New Jersey, operates Atlantic City International Airport. Four World Trade Center is its headquarters.
109 Felicitas, the orbital period of which is 139,705,000, was last seen on December 31, 2006. Its apoapsis is 523,329,000 kilometres.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is in Azerbaijan, is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner manufactured it. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku.
United States Air Force, which has the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter, operates Al Asad Airbase. It was involved in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax.
Beef kway teow is found in Singapore. The Standard Chinese language is spoken there.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, which is in Belgaum.
The full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910, which played in the 2014 season, is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl. A.S. Gubbio 1910 play their home games in Italy. Their stadium has 5,300 seats.
The name of the runway at Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, the length of which is 3,500, is 18R/36L. Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, which ENAIRE operates, is in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
Manhattan is part of New York.
Beef kway teow, found in Indonesia, comes from Singapore, the leader of which is Tony Tan. The Standard Chinese language is spoken in Singapore.
Poaceae belongs to the order of the Poales. The second runway at Ardmore Airport is made of poaceae.
Ernie Colón and Dan Mishkin created Bolt, which is also known as Larry Bolatinsky. Ernie Colón is from Puerto Ricans.
Amatriciana sauce, which comes from Italy, is found in Lazio. It contains tomato. The main ingredients in Amatriciana sauce are tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
James Craig Watson discovered 103 Hera and 103 Hera was discovered on September 07, 1868. James Craig Watson, who is from Canada, graduated from University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Retired Buzz Aldrin is a fighter pilot.
The postal code of Birmingham is B postcode area.
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014–15 Eredivisie season.
Angola International Airport, which serves Luanda, is in Ícolo e Bengo and 159 metres above the sea level. Ícolo e Bengo, which is part of Luanda Province, is in Angola.
Baked Alaska, which contains christmas pudding, is a dessert. Sandesh can be a variation of Dessert.
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece.
Ayam penyet, which comes from Java, is found in Singapore. Baduy are an ethnic group of Java.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is in Greece, the leaders of which are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
Andrews County Airport, which is 973 metres above the sea level, is in Texas. The length of its runway is 896.
Blt can be a variation of Bacon sandwich, which comes from the United Kingdom. Bacon sandwich is also known as Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. It contains bacon.
Acharya Institute of Technology, which is in India, is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, which is in Belgaum. It is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090..
The architectural style of Adisham Hall, which is in Haputale, Sri Lanka, is Tudor and Jacabian.
Massimo Drago played for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam. The length of its runway is 3,300.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is in Greece, the leaders of which are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. The Greek language is spoken in Greece.
Fallujah is in Iraq.
Adare Manor is in Adare and County Limerick.
Kate Hardie is the child of Bill Oddie.
1097 Vicia, the periapsis of which is 279,142,000,000, was last seen on December 31, 2006. Its apoapsis is 511,592,000 kilometres.
René Goscinny created Asterix.
Asam pedas, found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula, comes from Malaysia, ethnic groups of which are Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Malay. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur.
William Anders, who is from the United States (fighter pilot), retired on September 01, 1969. He was born in British Hong Kong. He was a crew member of Apollo 8.
Elliot See, who died in St. Louis, graduated from University of Texas at Austin. NASA selected him in 1962.
Ayam penyet, which comes from Java, is found in Singapore. Banyumasan people are an ethnic group of Java. The English language is spoken in Singapore. Halimah Yacob is the leader of Singapore.
Ayam penyet, which comes from Java, is found in Singapore. Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java. The English language is spoken in Singapore.
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales.
The construction of 320 South Boston Building began in 1910.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez, who played for Alianza F.C. and El Salvador national football team, is the manager of A.D. Isidro Metapán.
Batchoy, which contains shrimp, comes from Philippines.
John Madin, which designed 103 Colmore Row, is from Birmingham, the leader of which is Conservative Party.
Akita Museum of Art is in Japan.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba.
Cottage cheese can be a variation of Bionico.
Agra Airport, which Indian Air Force operates, is in India. Its IATA location identifier is AGR. The ICAO location identifier of the Agra Airport is VIAG.
University of Texas at Austin is affiliated with University of Texas System.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is in Punjab, Pakistan. The name of its runway, the length of which is 2,900, is 18L/36R.
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago, the leader of which is Rahm Emanuel. Chicago is in the United States.
Ajoblanco, which contains bread, comes from Spain.
AZAL PFK play their home games in AZAL Arena. AZAL Arena is in Shuvalan.
Beef kway teow, the main ingredients in which are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil, is found in Singapore. Beef kway teow, which contains sesame oil, comes from Indonesia.
Asam pedas, found in Malay Peninsula, comes from Malaysia, ethnic groups of which are Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Indian. Arifin Zakaria is the leader of Malaysia.
The Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene, Texas, which is part of Texas and Jones County, Texas. The length of its runway is 2,194. Abilene, Texas is in the United States.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is in Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27, 1987. Its Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places is 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths is in New York City. New York City, which is part of Manhattan, is in the United States.
Black Pirate is also known as Jon Valor.
Batchoy contains chicken.
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is in Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27, 1987. Its Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places is 87000823.
The genus of Avocado is Persea.
Peter Stöger played for 1. FC Köln.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, which ENAIRE operates, is in Alcobendas. Madrid, which is in Spain, is part of Community of Madrid. The ENAIRE serves it.
Stuart Parker, who played for Drogheda United F.C. and Stockport County F.C., is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool.
Arrabbiata sauce, which comes from Italy, is found in Rome. It contains olive oil.
Akita Museum of Art is in Japan, Akita, Akita. Akita, Akita is part of Akita Prefecture. Tarō Asō is the leader of Japan, an ethnic group of which are Chinese people in Japan.
United States Air Force operates Al Asad Airbase, which is in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The length of its runway, the name of which is 09R/27L, is 3,990.
Baked Alaska, which contains christmas pudding, comes from France, United States or China.
Stuart Parker, who played for Runcorn F.C. Halton, is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool.
The stadium of Akron Summit Assault has 3,000 seats.
The name of the runway at Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 18L/36R.
Bakso, which comes from Indonesia, is found in Indonesia. It contains beef.
John Madin, who designed 103 Colmore Row, was born in Birmingham. The postal code of Birmingham, which the Birmingham City Council governs, is B postcode area. Andrew Mitchell is the leader of Birmingham.
Akita Museum of Art is in Japan, Akita, Akita. Filipinos in Japan are an ethnic group of Japan. Akita, Akita is part of Akita Prefecture.
Alpena County Regional Airport is in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, which is part of the United States.
René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo created Asterix. René Goscinny is from French people.
Ajoblanco, found in Andalusia, comes from Spain. It is also known as Ajo blanco. It contains water.
110 Lydia, the periapsis of which is 377,016,000,000, was last seen on December 31, 2006. Its apoapsis is 440,756,000 kilometres.
Walter Baade, born in the German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He died in West Germany. He graduated from University of Göttingen. He was a doctoral student of Allan Sandage.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, the director of which is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar, is in Bangalore, India, Karnataka. It was established in 2000. It is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090..
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, is made of Red granite and white marble. Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner manufactured, is in Azerbaijan, which the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan governs.
Bakso comes from Indonesia, the leader of which is Joko Widodo.
Arem-arem comes from Indonesia, the leaders of which are Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla.
A.F.C. Blackpool, the full name of which is Association Football Club Blackpool, play their home games in Blackpool. Their stadium has 1,500 seats.
The name of the runway of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1/19.
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago, the leader of which is Rahm Emanuel. Chicago, which is in the United States, is part of Cook County, Illinois.
The stadium of AFC Ajax has 5,000 seats. AFC Ajax plays in Hoofdklasse. It played in the 2014 season.
1101 Clematis, the escape velocity of which is 0.02 kilometres per second, was last seen on December 31, 2006. Its orbital period is 183,309,000. The apoapsis of 1101 Clematis is 520,906,000 kilometres.
Akron Summit Assault play their home games in Akron, Ohio and  in Premier Development League. Akron, Ohio is in the United States. The champions of the Premier Development League are K-W United FC.
Bandeja paisa is found in Antioquia Department. Antioquia Department comes from Colombia.
Walter Baade, who died in Göttingen, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He was born in the German Empire. He graduated from University of Göttingen. He was a doctoral student of Allan Sandage.
Live Nation Entertainment owns the 3Arena, which is in East Link Bridge.
The construction of Alan B. Miller Hall began in 30 March 2007. Alan B. Miller Hall is located at 101 Ukrop Way.
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago and has 60 floors.
Bakso, which comes from Chinese cuisine, is found in Indonesia. The Indonesian language is spoken there. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia.
Allama Iqbal International Airport, which serves Lahore, is in Punjab, Pakistan, the leader of which is Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana. Lahore is in Pakistan.
Roger McKenzie created Ben Urich, the full name of which is Benjamin Urich.
200 Public Square, completed in 1985, is in Cleveland, which is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio and Ohio. Cleveland is in the United States.
Andrews County Airport is in Texas, the capital of which is Austin, Texas. The English language is spoken in Texas.
Binignit, the main ingredient in which is sago, contains sweet potato.
Buzz Aldrin, whose birth name is Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr., was a crew member of Apollo 11, which NASA operated. He received 20.
11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa, ethnic groups of which are Asian South Africans and White South African. The capital of South Africa is Cape Town.
Buzz Aldrin, who was a crew member of Apollo 11, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He is retired. William Anders was the backup pilot of Apollo 11. NASA operated Apollo 11.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of Red granite and white marble.
Asser Levy Public Baths is in New York City. New York City is in the United States.
Buzz Aldrin, who is also known as Edwin E. Aldrin and Jr., was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20, 1930. NASA selected him in 1963. Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11. He is a fighter pilot. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Alan B. Miller Hall houses the Mason School of Business.
Bacon Explosion, which is a main course, contains bacon.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, established in 1928, is affiliated with European University Association, the headquarters of which is Brussels.
B.M. Reddy is the president of Acharya Institute of Technology.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places of which is 87000823, is in Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California.
F. Vilas discovered 107 Camilla.
Bionico, which is a dessert, comes from Mexico. It contains granola.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International.
1001 Gaussia was formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC.
Stuart Parker, who played for Sparta Rotterdam, is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool.
BBC broadcasts Bananaman.
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which is -3.3528 metres above the sea level, serves Amsterdam. The length of its runway is 3,500.
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium.
Stuart Parker played for Bury F.C..
250 Delaware Avenue, which has a floor area of 30843.8m2 and 12 floors, is in the United States.
The periapsis of 110 Lydia is 377,016,000,000.
Afonso Pena International Airport, which Infraero operates, is 911 metres above the sea level. The length of its runway is 1,800. Infraero is in Brasília.
Barny Cakes comes from France, the leaders of which are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls.
William Anders, who is from the United States (fighter pilot), retired on September 01, 1969. He was born in British Hong Kong. He was a crew member of Apollo 8. He graduated from AFIT, M.S. 1962.
Arem-arem is found in Nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java.
Bandeja paisa, which comes from Colombian cuisine, contains lemon. It is found in Paisa Region. Lemon, which is part of the family Rutaceae, belongs to the order of the Rosids.
The periapsis of 103 Hera, last seen on August 27, 2011, is 371,240,000 kilometres.
Arem-arem comes from Indonesia, the leader of which is Jusuf Kalla.
The Athens International Airport, which is in Spata, serves Athens.
Ajoblanco, which comes from Spain, is found in Andalusia. The Spanish language is spoken in Spain. Spaniards are an ethnic group of Spain. Susana Díaz is the leader of Andalusia.
Beef kway teow, found in Indonesia, comes from Singapore, the leaders of which are Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob. The Standard Chinese language is spoken in Singapore.
A.C. Lumezzane play their home games in Italy. Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy.
Christian Panucci played for Inter Milan.
Jerry Ordway, who is from Americans, created Bibbo Bibbowski.
Baked Alaska comes from China, in which the Standard Chinese language is spoken.
Amdavad ni Gufa is in Ahmedabad, India. Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are the leaders of India.
Akron Summit Assault play their home games in Akron, Ohio. Akron, Ohio is in the United States.
The density of (19255) 1994 VK8 is 2 grams per cubic centimetres.
(66063) 1998 RO1, the escape velocity of which is 0.0999 kilometres per second, was last seen on November 04, 2013.
Amdavad ni Gufa is in Gujarat and Ahmedabad. The Gujarat Legislative Assembly governs Gujarat. T. S. Thakur is the leader of India, in which Ahmedabad is.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, which is in Brazil. The champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C are Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport, which is in Punjab, Pakistan, serves Lahore. Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan, in which Lahore is.
San Sebastián de los Reyes is in Spain.
Arròs negre, the main ingredients in which are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers, comes from Spain. It is found in Catalonia and contains white rice.
Atatürk Monument, inaugurated on July 27, 1932, is made of Bronze. It is in Turkey, the leader of which is Ahmet Davutoğlu. The capital of Turkey is Ankara. The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul. The currency of Turkey is the Turkish lira.
A Chicken is of the Bird class.
Bionico, the main ingredients in which are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins, comes from Mexico. It is found in Guadalajara and contains raisin.
Stuart Parker, who played for Irlam Town F.C., is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, an ethnic group of which are Native Americans in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C..
Ayam penyet can be served Hot.
The Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp, which is in Belgium. The German language is spoken in Belgium.
Bandeja paisa, the main ingredients in which are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon, contains rice. It is found in Paisa Region. It comes from Colombian cuisine.
Elliot See died on February 28, 1966.
Beef kway teow, which comes from Indonesia, is found in Singapore. It contains sesame oil.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, which has 16,000 students and 737 staff members, is affiliated with European University Association. It is in Denmark and was established in 1928.
Athens, which the Athens International Airport serves, is in Greece, the leaders of which are Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras.
Bakewell tart contains fruit preserves. Bakewell tart can be a variation of Bakewell pudding.
The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0.0068 kilometres per second.
The length of the runway of Ardmore Airport is 597. Its third runway is made of poaceae.
1097 Vicia, the periapsis of which is 279,142,000,000, was last seen on December 31, 2006.
Bakso comes from Indonesia, the capital of which is Jakarta. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia.
John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row.
Ayam penyet, which comes from Indonesia, is found in Malaysia.
John van den Brom played for AZ Alkmaar.
Blt can be a variation of Bacon sandwich, which comes from the United Kingdom. Bacon sandwich is also known as Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. It contains brown sauce.
Blt can be a variation of Bacon sandwich, which contains bread. Club sandwich can be a variation of BLT.
Julia Morgan, born in San Francisco, designed Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner, the Hearst Castle and the Asilomar State Beach.
The native name of the Agra Airport, which is in Uttar Pradesh, is Kheria Air Force Station. Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. Ram Naik is its leader.
The largest city in Texas is Houston.
Bhajji, the main ingredients in which are gram flour and vegetables, comes from India. It is also known as Bhaji and bajji. It contains gram flour.
Arem-arem, found in Javanese cuisine, comes from Indonesia, the leader of which is Joko Widodo. The currency of Indonesia is the Indonesian rupiah. The Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia.
A Barny Cakes contains 1.8 g of proteins.
Tim Brooke-Taylor, born in Derbyshire, stars in Bananaman.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, which is in Denmark, has 737 staff members and 16,000 students. It was established in 1928.
Arròs negre, the main ingredients in which are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers, comes from Spain. It is found in Catalonia and contains cuttlefish.
Appleton International Airport, which serves Appleton, Wisconsin, is in Greenville, Wisconsin, which is part of Ellington, Wisconsin. Appleton, Wisconsin is part of Little Chute, Wisconsin.
United States Air Force, which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the Korean War, operates Al Asad Airbase. It has an attack aircraft called Lockheed AC-130. It uses the Lockheed C-130 Hercules as aircraft transport.
Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority operates Allama Iqbal International Airport, which is in Punjab, Pakistan. The Allama Iqbal International Airport serves Lahore. Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan, in which Lahore is.
The tenant of Alan B. Miller Hall, which Robert A. M. Stern designed, is Mason School of Business.
Buzz Aldrin, who is also known as Edwin E. Aldrin and Jr., was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20, 1930. He was a crew member of Apollo 11. He is a fighter pilot. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Alan Bean, born in Wheeler, Texas, is from the United States. He is retired.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in 2000, is in the United States (contributing property), Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania.
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago, which is part of DuPage County, Illinois. Chicago is in the United States. Susana Mendoza is its leader.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, the director of which is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar, is in Bangalore, India. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The apoapsis of 109 Felicitas, the temperature of which is 170 kelvins, is 523,329,000 kilometres.
United States Air Force operates Al Asad Airbase, which is in Iraq. The length of its runway, the name of which is 08/26, is 3,990. The ICAO location identifier of the Al Asad Airbase is ORAA.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 play their home games in Italy. Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy, in which Italians live. The capital of Italy is Rome. The Italian language is spoken in Italy.
The Atatürk Monument, which is in Turkey, was inaugurated on July 27, 1932.
Ashgabat International Airport, which is 211 metres above the sea level, is in Ashgabat. The length of its runway is 3,800.
Jens Härtel played for SV Germania Schöneiche.
The Athens International Airport serves Athens. The length of its runway is 3,800.
3Arena, which HOK SVE designed, is in North Wall Quay. It was completed in December 2008.
The Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid, New York and Saranac Lake, New York. The length of its runway is 2,003.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the United States, Adams County, Pennsylvania. Carroll County, Maryland is located to the southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, which is affiliated with European University Association, is in Aarhus, Denmark. The magistrate governs Aarhus. The Monarchy of Denmark governs Denmark, the leader of which is Lars Løkke Rasmussen. Brussels is the headquarters of the European University Association.
11264 Claudiomaccone, the orbital period of which is 1,513.722 days, was last seen on November 26, 2005. Its periapsis is 296,521,000 kilometres. The apoapsis of 11264 Claudiomaccone is 475,426,000 kilometres. The temperature of 11264 Claudiomaccone is 173 kelvins.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of Community of Madrid.
Live Nation Entertainment, which is in Beverly Hills, California, owns the 3Arena.
The full name of AZ Alkmaar, which played in the 2014 season, is Alkmaar Zaanstreek. Its stadium has 17,023 seats.
Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland, the leader of which is Enda Kenny. Augustus Pugin, born in Bloomsbury, designed Adare Manor and the Palace of Westminster.
Baked Alaska, the main ingredients in which are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake or christmas pudding, is found in Hong Kong. Baked Alaska, which contains meringue, comes from France, United States or China.
Bhajji comes from India, the currency of which is the Indian rupee. Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, which ENAIRE operates, is in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. Madrid, which the ENAIRE serves, is in Spain.
Amdavad ni Gufa is in Gujarat, the leader of which is Anandiben Patel.
The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International, which is in Bethesda, Maryland. Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International.
Andrews County Airport is in Texas, in which Tejano live. Texas is in the United States.
The minimum temperature of (66063) 1998 RO1, the maximum temperature of which is 500 kelvins, is -71 degreeCelsius. The apoapsis of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 254,989,570.60815 kilometres.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, which is in Aarhus, Denmark, has 737 staff members. It was established in 1928. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark.
Alan Bean, born in Wheeler, Texas, is from the United States. Alan Bean, who was selected by NASA in 1963, spent 100,305 minutes in space.
Ice cream can be a variation of Dessert. Bionico is a dessert.
Michele Marcolini played for Atalanta B.C..
Buffalo, New York is part of Erie County, New York.
Asam pedas comes from Malaysia, the capital of which is Kuala Lumpur. Arifin Zakaria is the leader of Malaysia.
Gus Poyet, who played for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea F.C., is the manager of AEK Athens F.C..
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, the manager of which is Vica, plays in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, which is in Brazil. Its stadium has 17,000 seats. The champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C are Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Stephen Dilts is the chief of South Jersey Transportation Authority.
Alan Shepard, born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923, graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M.A. He retired on August 01, 1974.
Christian Panucci, who played for Chelsea F.C. and Real Madrid C.F., is the manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio.
10 Hygiea, last seen on June 27, 2015, was formerly known as A900 GA.
Doug Moench created Ballistic, which is also known as Kelvin Mao.
Bandeja paisa contains chorizo.
Bill Everett received the Eisner Award.
The length of the runway at Alderney Airport is 877. Its main runway is made of asphalt.
Flemish Region owns the Antwerp International Airport, which Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works operates. The Antwerp International Airport, which is 12 metres above the sea level, serves Antwerp.
Angola International Airport is in Ícolo e Bengo. Ícolo e Bengo is in Angola.
Malays are an ethnic group of Sumatra.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11, which NASA operated.
William Anders, born in British Hong Kong on October 17, 1933, retired on September 01, 1969. He is a fighter pilot. He was a crew member of Apollo 8. He graduated from AFIT, M.S. 1962.
Alan Shepard, who died in California, was a crew member of Apollo 14, which NASA operated. California, the senator from which is Dianne Feinstein, is well known for the Benitoite gemstone.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, the tenant of which is Marriott International, is in Denmark. 3XN designed it.
3Arena is in Dublin, which is part of the Republic of Ireland.
The Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, the leader of which is Austin Fernando.
Rolando Maran is the manager of A.C. Chievo Verona.
George Richard Pain designed Adare Manor, completed in 1862.
Arrabbiata sauce, the main ingredient in which is Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil, contains chili pepper. It comes from Italy. It is found in Rome.
Bionico, which is a dessert, comes from Mexico, the leader of which is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Cake can be a variation of Dessert. The Mexican Spanish language is spoken in Mexico.
Baked Alaska, found in New York, comes from France. It contains sponge cake.
The stadium of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1,500 seats. A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis plays in A EPSTH 2nd GROUP.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Aarhus, Denmark. It has 16,000 students and 737 staff members. School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, established in 1928, is affiliated with European University Association.
The length of the runway at Alpena County Regional Airport is 1,533.
Alba Iulia is in Romania, an ethnic group of which are Germans of Romania. The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia. The Prime Minister of Romania governs Romania. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest. The anthem of Romania is Deșteaptă-te, române!.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, the tenant of which is Marriott International, is in Denmark, in which the Faroese language is spoken. Marriott International was founded in Washington, D.C.. Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark.
3Arena, which HOK SVE designed, is in East Link Bridge.
Alan Shepard, who died in California on July 21, 1998, graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M.A. He was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923.
Asam pedas comes from Malaysia.
(66391) 1999 KW4, the orbital period of which is 16,244,700, was last seen on July 14, 2004.
Arem-arem, found in Nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java, comes from Indonesia, the leader of which is Jusuf Kalla. The currency of Indonesia is the Indonesian rupiah. The Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia.
Carl A. Wirtanen discovered (29075) 1950 DA.
The length of the runway of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3,360.12.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, is made of Red granite and white marble. Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, the native name of which is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı, is in Azerbaijan, the leader of which is Artur Rasizade. Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner manufactured it.
3Arena is in East Link Bridge.
Bionico, which contains granola, is a dessert.
Agra Airport, which is in Uttar Pradesh, is 167.94 metres above the sea level. Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand.
The Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves Fallujah, which is in Iraq. Haider al-Abadi is the leader of Iraq, in which the Arabic language is spoken.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16,000 students.
Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters discovered 109 Felicitas.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, the dean of which was Mario Botta, is in Switzerland, Mendrisio. It has 100 staff members.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, the champions of which are Vila Nova Futebol Clube. They play their home games in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is in Alagoas.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, in which Italians live. The capital of Italy is Rome. Laura Boldrini and Pietro Grasso are the leaders of Italy.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, established in 1928, has 737 staff members and 16,000 students.
Bill Oddie stars in Bananaman.
The capital of South Africa is Cape Town.
B.M. Reddy is the president of Acharya Institute of Technology, which is in Bangalore, India. Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of Acharya Institute of Technology. Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Alan Shepard, who retired on August 01, 1974, was a crew member of Apollo 14.
The length of the main runway at Ashgabat International Airport is 12467 feet. Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above the sea level.
Angola International Airport, which is 159 metres above the sea level, is in Ícolo e Bengo. Ícolo e Bengo, which is part of Luanda Province, is in Angola.
Atatürk Monument is in Turkey, which the President of Turkey governs. Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader of Turkey. The capital of Turkey is Ankara. The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul.
Bhajji, the main ingredients in which are gram flour and vegetables, is found in Karnataka. It is also known as Bhaji and bajji. It contains gram flour.
B.M. Reddy is the president of Acharya Institute of Technology, which is in Bangalore, India.
Lemon, which is part of the family Rutaceae, belongs to the order of the Rosids. Bandeja paisa, found in Antioquia Department, contains lemon. Antioquia Department comes from Colombia.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 play in Serie D, the champions of which are S.S. Robur Siena. They play their home games in Italy. Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy, in which the Italian language is spoken.
Buzz Aldrin, whom NASA selected in 1963, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20, 1930. He was a crew member of Apollo 11. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963. He is retired.
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka, Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Lanka, in which the Tamil language is spoken, is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Agra Airport, which Indian Air Force operates, is in Uttar Pradesh. Its ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
Arròs negre, found in Catalonia, comes from Spain. It contains squid.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall, which is in Sri Lanka, is Tudor and Jacabian. Adisham Hall was completed in 1931.
William Anders, who is from the United States, retired on September 01, 1969. William Anders and Frank Borman were crew members of Apollo 8, the backup pilot of which was Buzz Aldrin. He was born in British Hong Kong. NASA operated Apollo 8.
Batchoy contains vegetable.
Arròs negre contains cuttlefish.
Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, is in New York City. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 play their home games in Gubbio.
(19255) 1994 VK8, the mass of which is 5.6 kilograms, was last seen on December 31, 2006. Its orbital period is 8,788,850,000. The periapsis of (19255) 1994 VK8 is 6,155,910,000,000.
Andrews County, Texas owns the Andrews County Airport.
A.C. Cesena plays in Serie B, the champions of which are Carpi F.C. 1909.
Binignit contains sweet potato. Sweet potato manufactured the Flowering plant.
James Craig Watson, who is from Canada, discovered 101 Helena. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan.
Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle created Baymax, which is a character in Big Hero 6. Duncan Rouleau is from Americans. Alan Tudyk stars in Big Hero 6.
Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above the sea level and in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is in the United States.
Arem-arem, found in Nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java, comes from Indonesia, the leader of which is Jusuf Kalla.
The full name of A.F.C. Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool.
Bhajji, which contains gram flour, is similar to Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour.
Chocolate can be a variation of Barny Cakes.
Walter Baade, who is from Germany, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He graduated from University of Göttingen.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapán is Asociación Deportiva.
Baked Alaska comes from France, the leader of which is Manuel Valls. The currency of France is the Euro.
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka, Haputale. Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of Sri Lanka.
The main ingredients in Bacon sandwich, which comes from the United Kingdom, are bread and bacon, with a condiment and often ketchup or brown sauce. Bacon sandwich is also known as Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. It contains condiment.
AWH Engineering College, established in 2001, is in India, Kuttikkattoor. The Ganges river is in India.
Asilomar Conference Grounds was built in 1913.
Massimo Drago, who played for S.S. Chieti Calcio, is the manager of A.C. Cesena.
Acharya Institute of Technology offers Tennis, the governing body of which is the International Tennis Federation, as a sport.
Arròs negre contains white rice.
AWH Engineering College is in India, Kerala. The largest city in India, in which the Ganges river is, is Mumbai. Kochi is the leader of Kerala.
James Craig Watson, who graduated from University of Michigan, discovered 101 Helena. He is from Canada and died of Peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
Bhajji comes from India, the leaders of which are T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi.
Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904.
A.C. Lumezzane plays in Lega Pro/A. It played in the 2014 season. Its stadium has 4,150 seats.
103 Colmore Row, which John Madin designed, is in Colmore Row. John Madin was born in Birmingham.
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of Sri Lanka, the capital of which is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. The Eastern Provincial Council governs Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
The periapsis of 1101 Clematis is 445,895,000,000.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Franklin County, Pennsylvania is located to the west there. Frederick County, Maryland is located to the southwest of Adams County, Pennsylvania.
Bill Oddie, born in Lancashire, stars in Bananaman.
Buzz Aldrin, who was a crew member of Apollo 11, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He is from the United States (fighter pilot). William Anders was the backup pilot of Apollo 11. NASA operated Apollo 11.
A.S. Livorno Calcio play their home games in Livorno and  in Serie B.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 610 metres above the sea level and in Madrid, which is part of Community of Madrid. The length of its runway is 3,500. Madrid is in Spain.
Elliot See, who is a test pilot, graduated from University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with University of Texas System. He was born in Dallas on July 23, 1927. He died in St. Louis.
Baduy are an ethnic group of Java.
Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works operates Antwerp International Airport, which is 12 metres above the sea level.
Bandeja paisa contains chicharrón.
United States Air Force, which was involved in the Korean War and the Operation Enduring Freedom, operates Al Asad Airbase.
Andrews County Airport is in Texas, the capital of which is Austin, Texas. Tejano live in it. Texas is in the United States.
The main ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce is Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil.
The stadium of A.F.C. Fylde has 3,180 seats. A.F.C. Fylde play their home games in Bryning Lane.
The stadium of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1,500 seats. A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014–15 A EPSTH, Greece season.
250 Delaware Avenue, which costs 110 million (dollars)$, is in Buffalo, New York. It has a floor area of 30843.8m2 and 12 floors.
The orbital period of (19255) 1994 VK8, the periapsis of which is 6,155,910,000,000, is 8,788,850,000. (19255) 1994 VK8 was last seen on December 31, 2006. Its escape velocity is 0.0925 kilometres per second.
The name of the runway of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, the length of which is 3,500, is 18L/36R. Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, which ENAIRE operates, is in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, the native name of which is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı, is in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku.
The Spanish language is spoken in New York.
1101 Clematis, which was formerly known as 1928 SJ, was last seen on December 31, 2006. Its orbital period is 183,309,000. The periapsis of 1101 Clematis is 445,895,000,000.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, which is affiliated with European University Association, is in Aarhus, Denmark. Thomas Pallesen was its dean. The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16,000 students and School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928. Its latin name is Universitas Aarhusiensis.
Bhajji, found in Karnataka, comes from India, in which Indian people live. T. S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are the leaders of India.
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which is -3.3528 metres above the sea level, serves Amsterdam. The name of its runway, the length of which is 2,014, is 09/27 Buitenveldertbaan.
Buzz Aldrin, who was a crew member of Apollo 11, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20, 1930. He is retired. He is from the United States. NASA selected him in 1963. NASA operated Apollo 11.
1097 Vicia, the mass of which is 9.8 kilograms, was last seen on December 31, 2006. Its orbital period is 135,589,000. The apoapsis of 1097 Vicia is 511,592,000 kilometres.
Alan Shepard, who died in California, is from the United States. He was born in New Hampshire. He received the Distinguished Service Medal, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The average speed of (66391) 1999 KW4, the density of which is 2 grams per cubic centimetres, is 37.16 kilometres per second. The apoapsis of (66391) 1999 KW4 is 162,164,091.8388 kilometres.
Buzz Aldrin, who was a crew member of Apollo 11, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20, 1930. He is retired. NASA selected Buzz Aldrin, who graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963, in 1963. NASA operated Apollo 11.
Blt can be a variation of Bacon sandwich, the main ingredients in which are bread and bacon, with a condiment and often ketchup or brown sauce. Bacon sandwich, which contains ketchup, comes from the United Kingdom. It is also known as Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
Curitiba is part of South Region, Brazil.
The mean temperature of (66063) 1998 RO1, the apoapsis of which is 254,989,570.60815 kilometres, is 265 kelvins. (66063) 1998 RO1 was last seen on November 04, 2013. Its orbital period is 360.29 days.
The Athens International Airport serves Athens, which is in Greece. Alexis Tsipras is the leader of Greece.
The Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba.
Alan B. Miller Hall, which College of William & Mary owns, is in Virginia. Robert Gates is the chancellor of College of William & Mary.
The average speed of 1036 Ganymed, the apoapsis of which is 611,961,000 kilometres, is 16.86 kilometres per second.
Bhajji, found in Karnataka, comes from India, the leader of which is Narendra Modi. Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka.
AEK Athens F.C., the manager of which is Gus Poyet, plays in Superleague Greece, the champions of which are Olympiacos F.C.. Gus Poyet played for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea F.C..
Julia Morgan, born in California, designed Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner, the Riverside Art Museum and the Hearst Castle.
A.F.C. Blackpool play their home games in The Mechanics,.
Julia Morgan, born in California, designed Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and the Riverside Art Museum.
Arrabbiata sauce, which comes from Italy, contains garlic. It is found in Rome.
Rolando Maran, born in Italy, is the manager of A.C. Chievo Verona. He played for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. and Carrarese Calcio.
Al Asad Airbase is in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The length of its runway is 3,090.
1099 Figneria, the mass of which is 2.7 kilograms, was last seen on December 31, 2006. Its orbital period is 179,942,000. The periapsis of 1099 Figneria is 349,206,000,000.
Angola International Airport, which is 159 metres above the sea level, is in Ícolo e Bengo. The length of its runway is 4,000. Ícolo e Bengo, which is part of Luanda Province, is in Angola.
1. FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season.
Elliot See, born in Dallas on July 23, 1927, graduated from University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with University of Texas System. He died in St. Louis.
College of William & Mary owns the Alan B. Miller Hall, completed on June 01, 2009. Alan B. Miller Hall is located at 101 Ukrop Way. It is in Williamsburg, Virginia.
The length of the runway at Atlantic City International Airport is 3,048. Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey is in the United States.
Flemish Region owns the Antwerp International Airport, which Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works operates. The Antwerp International Airport, which is 12 metres above the sea level, serves Antwerp. The length of its runway is 600.
Buzz Aldrin, whom NASA selected in 1963, was a crew member of Apollo 11, the backup pilot of which was William Anders. He is a fighter pilot. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963. NASA operated Apollo 11.
The ICAO location identifier of the Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA.
Alpena County Regional Airport, which serves Alpena, Michigan, is in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and 210 metres above the sea level. The length of its runway is 1,533.
AWH Engineering College, which is in Kerala, Kuttikkattoor, has 250 staff members. Kochi is the leader of Kerala.
300 North LaSalle, which has a floor area of 120770m2, is in Illinois. 300 North LaSalle, which has 60 floors, was completed in 2009.
The genus of Lemon is Citrus. Bandeja paisa contains lemon.
The length of the runway at Adirondack Regional Airport is 1,219. The Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid, New York and Saranac Lake, New York.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Bacon sandwich, a variation of which blt can be, contains ketchup. It comes from the United Kingdom. Club sandwich can be a variation of BLT.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas. The length of its runway is 3,500.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in 2000, is in the United States (contributing property), Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, Adams County, Pennsylvania. Carroll County, Maryland is located to the southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania. Cumberland County, Pennsylvania is located to the north of Adams County, Pennsylvania.
The Alderney Airport serves Alderney.
Barny Cakes, which Mondelez International created, comes from France, the leader of which is Gérard Larcher. The French language is spoken in France. Mondelez International was founded in Chicago.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan governs it. Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
A.F.C. Fylde play their home games in Warton, Fylde, Lancashire and played in the 2014 season. Their stadium has 3,180 seats. The full name of A.F.C. Fylde is Association Football Club Fylde.
Shumai can be a variation of Batagor.
1097 Vicia, the mass of which is 9.8 kilograms, was last seen on December 31, 2006. Its orbital period is 135,589,000. The periapsis of 1097 Vicia is 279,142,000,000.
Jill Shilling stars in Bananaman, which Steve Bright created. Bananaman, which is broadcasted by STV, first aired on October 03, 1983.
The ICAO location identifier of the Atlantic City International Airport, which is in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, is KACY. Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey is part of New Jersey and Atlantic County, New Jersey. It is in the United States.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, the capital of which is Rome.
The main runway of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of asphalt. Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above the sea level.
Madrid is in Spain.
Asam pedas, found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula, comes from Malaysia. The main ingredient in it is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce. Asam pedas is also known as Asam padeh.
11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa, an ethnic group of which are Coloured.
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, which is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, is in the United States.
The length of the runway at Atlantic City International Airport is 3,048. Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operates Atlantic City International Airport.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 play their home games in Italy. The Italian language is spoken there. Italians live in Italy, the capital of which is Rome. Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
Dead Man's Plack, which is made of Rock, is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh.
The name of the runway at Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14R/32L.
Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan. Asser Levy Public Baths is in New York City. New York City, which is part of New York and Manhattan, is in the United States.
John Madin, who designed 103 Colmore Row, was born in Birmingham. The postal code of Birmingham, the leader of which is John Clancy, is B postcode area. The Birmingham City Council governs Birmingham.
Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, the headquarters of which is Jinnah International Airport, operates Allama Iqbal International Airport.
Buzz Aldrin, whom NASA selected in 1963, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20, 1930. He was a crew member of Apollo 11. He is a fighter pilot. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Beef kway teow is found in Singapore. Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore.
1097 Vicia was last seen on December 31, 2006.
Athens, which the Athens International Airport serves, is in Greece, the leaders of which are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. The Greek language is spoken in Greece.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, the leader of which is Sergio Mattarella.
Alan Shepard, who died in California, graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M.A. He is a test pilot from the United States. He was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923.
Asam pedas, found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula, comes from Malaysia. The main ingredient in it is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, the capital of which is Rome. Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are the leaders of Italy.
250 Delaware Avenue is in the United States, an ethnic group of which are African Americans. The English language is spoken in the United States. The President of the United States governs the United States. John Roberts is the leader of the United States.
Ernie Colón and Dan Mishkin created Bolt, which is also known as Larry Bolatinsky.
Frank de Boer played for FC Barcelona.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark, in which the Faroese language is spoken. Aarhus Airport is in Tirstrup. Tirstrup, which is part of Central Denmark Region, is in Denmark.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania, an ethnic group of which are Germans of Romania. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play their home games in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is in Brazil.
William Anders, who was a crew member of Apollo 8, retired on September 01, 1969. Frank Borman was the commander of Apollo 8. Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot of Apollo 8.
Bakso, which contains vermicelli, comes from Indonesia.
Angola International Airport, which serves Luanda, is in Ícolo e Bengo and 159 metres above the sea level. The name of its runway, the length of which is 3,800, is 05L/23R.
The stadium of Akron Summit Assault has 3,000 seats. Akron Summit Assault plays in Premier Development League, the champions of which are K-W United FC.
Pacific Grove, California is part of California.
Ajoblanco, which is also known as Ajo blanco, comes from Spain. It contains bread.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is in Pakistan, the leader of which is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore, India. It has 700 postgraduate students. It is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090..
Alan B. Miller Hall, which College of William & Mary owns, is in Virginia. Its construction began in 30 March 2007.
A.S. Livorno Calcio, the full name of which is Livorno Calcio S.p.A., play their home games in Livorno, Italy. Their stadium has 19,238 seats.
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, the periapsis of which is 479,343,000 kilometres. 107 Camilla was last seen on December 31, 2006. Its apoapsis is 560,937,000 kilometres.
John Buscema received the Eisner Award.
(66391) 1999 KW4, the rotation period of which is 9,953.28, was last seen on July 14, 2004.
Buzz Aldrin, who was a crew member of Apollo 11, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20, 1930. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963. William Anders was the backup pilot of Apollo 11. NASA operated Apollo 11.
N. R. Pogson is from England.
Binignit, the main ingredient in which is banana, contains sweet potato. It comes from Philippines.
Alba Iulia is in Romania, the leader of which is Klaus Iohannis. The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia. The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez, who played for FC Dallas, is the manager of A.D. Isidro Metapán.
The architectural style of 250 Delaware Avenue, which has a floor area of 30843.8m2 and 12 floors, is Postmodern architecture. The construction of 250 Delaware Avenue began in January, 2014.
Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson created Auron. Karl Kesel is from Americans.
The ICAO location identifier of the Agra Airport, which is in Uttar Pradesh, is VIAG. Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. Ram Naik is its leader.
Binignit comes from Philippines, an ethnic group of which are Igorot people.
Bacon Explosion, which contains bacon, comes from the United States. The main ingredient in it is sausage.
Buzz Aldrin, whom NASA selected in 1963, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a crew member of Apollo 11. He is a fighter pilot.
The magnitude of 107 Camilla is 7.08.
The main ingredients in Baked Alaska, found in Paris, New York or Hong Kong, are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake or christmas pudding. Baked Alaska, which contains ice cream, comes from the United States.
Amdavad ni Gufa, which is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, is in Gujarat, India, Ahmedabad.
Binignit contains taro.
The full name of A.C. Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l.. A.C. Chievo Verona play their home games in Verona, Italy and played in the 2014–15 Serie A season. Their stadium has 39,371 seats.
A.C. Chievo Verona play their home games in Stadio MarcAntonio Bentegodi and  in Serie A.
Barny Cakes can be served in sizes of 30.0 g.
Turkmenistan Airlines operates Ashgabat International Airport, which is in Ashgabat and 211 metres above the sea level. The length of its runway is 2,989.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania, an ethnic group of which are Germans of Romania. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in San Sebastián de los Reyes, which is part of Community of Madrid.
200 Public Square is in Cleveland and has 45 floors.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
Batagor, a variation of which siomay can be, comes from Indonesia. Shumai contains shiitake. Shumai can be a variation of Siomay.
United States Air Force, which was involved in the United States invasion of Panama, operates Al Asad Airbase.
Bionico, a variation of which honey can be, comes from Mexico, the leader of which is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. It is a dessert. It is found in Guadalajara.
Bakewell pudding, a variation of which bakewell tart can be, is found in Derbyshire Dales. Bakewell tart contains fruit preserves. Derbyshire Dales is part of Derbyshire.
Andrews County Airport, which serves Andrews, Texas, is in Texas and 973 metres above the sea level. The length of its runway, the name of which is 11/29, is 896.
United States Air Force, which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the United States invasion of Panama, operates Al Asad Airbase. It has an attack aircraft called Lockheed AC-130. It uses the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as aircraft transport.
Jens Härtel, who played for SV Babelsberg 03, 1. FC Union Berlin and FSV Zwickau, is the manager of 1. FC Magdeburg.
Bhajji comes from India, in which Indian people live.
Turkmenistan Airlines operates Ashgabat International Airport, which is in Ashgabat and 211 metres above the sea level. The length of its runway, the name of which is 12R/30L, is 2,989.
Arròs negre, which comes from Spain, is found in Valencian Community. The main ingredients in it are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers. Arròs negre contains cubanelle.
Pietro Canonica manufactured the Atatürk Monument.
The temperature of 11264 Claudiomaccone is 173 kelvins.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season.
Bionico, a variation of which cottage cheese can be, comes from Mexico, in which the Spanish language is spoken. It is a dessert. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.
Acharya Institute of Technology, to which All India Council for Technical Education gave the status of 'Technical Campus', is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, which is in Belgaum. All India Council for Technical Education is in Mumbai.
Buzz Aldrin, which was a crew member of Apollo 11, is also known as Edwin E. Aldrin and Jr.. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Massimo Drago, who played for A.S.D. Licata 1931 and A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925, is the manager of A.C. Cesena.
Alan Shepard died in California.
The Andrews County Airport serves Andrews, Texas.
Ampara Hospital, found in Ampara District, is in Sri Lanka. It has 476 beds.
AFC Ajax, which played in the 2014 season, is also called Joden, Godenzonen. Its stadium has 5,000 seats. The full name of AFC Ajax is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs.
The stadium of A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19,238 seats.
The Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp, which is in Belgium. Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium are the leaders of Belgium, in which the German language is spoken.
Bandeja paisa, which comes from Colombian cuisine, is found in Paisa Region. It contains hogao.
Barny Cakes comes from France, the leaders of which are Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, the leader of which is Barack Obama. White Americans are an ethnic group of the United States.
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago, the leader of which is Rahm Emanuel. It has 60 floors. Chicago, which is in the United States, is part of DuPage County, Illinois.
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, the periapsis of which is 479,343,000 kilometres. 107 Camilla was last seen on December 31, 2006.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner manufactured, is in Azerbaijan, the leader of which is Artur Rasizade.
Batchoy comes from Philippines, in which the Arabic language is spoken. Igorot people are an ethnic group of Philippines.
William Anders, who was selected by NASA in 1963, retired on September 01, 1969. He spent 8,820 minutes in space and is a fighter pilot. He was born in British Hong Kong on October 17, 1933. He was a crew member of Apollo 8.
Elliot See, whom NASA selected in 1962, died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966.
The periapsis of 1099 Figneria, last seen on December 31, 2006, is 349,206,000,000.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.
James Craig Watson discovered 101 Helena and 101 Helena was discovered on August 15, 1868. James Craig Watson, who is from Canada, graduated from University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Greenville, Wisconsin is in the United States.
Allama Iqbal International Airport, which Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority operates, is in Punjab, Pakistan. The length of its runway, the name of which is 18R/36L, is 2,900. The Allama Iqbal International Airport serves Lahore.
Arem-arem, which contains banana leaf, is found in Indonesia.
Massimo Drago, who played for S.S. Chieti Calcio and A.S.D. Licata 1931, is the manager of A.C. Cesena.
United States Air Force operates Al Asad Airbase, which is in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The length of its runway, the name of which is 08/26, is 3,992.88. The ICAO location identifier of the Al Asad Airbase is ORAA.
Buzz Aldrin, who was a crew member of Apollo 11, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He is from the United States (fighter pilot). NASA operated Apollo 11.
Club sandwich can be a variation of BLT. Blt can be a variation of Bacon sandwich.
John Madin, who designed 103 Colmore Row, was born in Birmingham. The postal code of Birmingham, the leader of which is Labour Party, is B postcode area.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, the leaders of which are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella. The capital of Italy is Rome.
N. R. Pogson, who died in Chennai, discovered 107 Camilla, the periapsis of which is 479,343,000 kilometres. He was born in Nottingham.
Luciano Spalletti, who played for Udinese Calcio and Empoli F.C., is the manager of A.S. Roma.
Bionico, which is a dessert, comes from Mexico. It contains sour cream.
The capital of Illinois, part of which is Chicago, is Springfield, Illinois. 300 North LaSalle is in Chicago, the leader of which is Rahm Emanuel. Chicago is in the United States.
The escape velocity of 1089 Tama, the orbital period of which is 1,202.846 days, is 0.0068 kilometres per second. 1089 Tama was last seen on November 26, 2005. Its apoapsis is 373,513,000 kilometres.
The Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene, Texas, which is part of Texas. The length of its runway is 1,121. Abilene, Texas is in the United States.
Aristóteles Sandoval is the leader of Jalisco.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with European University Association, the headquarters of which is Brussels.
1089 Tama, which was formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD;, was last seen on November 26, 2005. Its orbital period is 1,202.846 days.
Elliot See, who died in St. Louis, graduated from University of Texas at Austin. He was born in Dallas on July 23, 1927.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms.
The magnitude of (410777) 2009 FD is 22.1.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in San Sebastián de los Reyes.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, the native name of which is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı, is in Azerbaijan. Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner manufactured it.
Ajoblanco, found in Andalusia, contains almond.
Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Bakewell tart contains shortcrust pastry. Bakewell tart can be a variation of Bakewell pudding.
County Limerick is part of Munster.
Retired Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11, the backup pilot of which was William Anders. He was born on January 20, 1930. NASA operated Apollo 11.
1101 Clematis, the escape velocity of which is 0.02 kilometres per second, was last seen on December 31, 2006. Its mass is 5.7 kilograms. The orbital period of 1101 Clematis is 183,309,000. The apoapsis of 1101 Clematis is 520,906,000 kilometres.
Arròs negre, which comes from Spain, is found in Valencian Community. It contains cuttlefish.
A.S. Livorno Calcio play their home games in Stadio Armando Picchi and played in the 2014–15 Serie B season. Their stadium has 19,238 seats. The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S.p.A..
The stadium of A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5,300 seats.
Amdavad ni Gufa is in Gujarat, India. T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi are the leaders of India.
Amatriciana sauce, which comes from Italy, is found in Lazio. It contains guanciale.
Addis Ababa City Hall, the height of which is 42 m, houses the Government of Addis Ababa.
Roger Stern and Tom Lyle created Blockbuster, which is also known as Roland Desmond.
Massimo Drago played for Delfino Pescara 1936.
Baymax first appeared in Big Hero 6. The distributor of Big Hero 6, in which Scott Adsit stars, is Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 84.0 above the sea level.
John Madin, which designed 103 Colmore Row, is from Birmingham, the postal code of which is B postcode area. John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham.
200 Public Square is in Cleveland, which is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. Frank G. Jackson is the leader of Cleveland.
N. R. Pogson, born in Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014–15 A EPSTH, Greece season.
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument, which is in the United States (historic districts in the united states), Monocacy National Battlefield, Maryland, was established in 1907-07-11. Monocacy National Battlefield is in Frederick County, Maryland.
Gus Poyet is the manager of AEK Athens F.C.. AEK Athens F.C. play their home games in Olympic Stadium and he played for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea F.C.. Olympic Stadium is in Marousi.
The name of the runway at Atlantic City International Airport is 4/22. Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey is in the United States.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Ayam penyet, which comes from Java, is found in Singapore. Banyumasan people are an ethnic group of Java. Halimah Yacob is the leader of Singapore.
Cake can be a variation of Dessert.
Adare Manor is in Adare and County Limerick. County Limerick, which the limerick city and county council governs, is part of Munster.
Buzz Aldrin, who is also known as Edwin E. Aldrin and Jr., was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He is from the United States (fighter pilot). He was a crew member of Apollo 11. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963. He is retired.
The architectural style of 250 Delaware Avenue is Postmodern architecture.
Asam pedas, found in Sumatra, comes from Malaysia, ethnic groups of which are Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur.
Elliot See, who died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966, graduated from University of Texas at Austin. He was born in Dallas.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez played for A.D. Isidro Metapán.
The Angola International Airport serves Luanda.
United States Air Force, which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the Operation Enduring Freedom, operates Al Asad Airbase.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois.
Bandeja paisa comes from Colombian cuisine.
N. R. Pogson discovered 107 Camilla, last seen on December 31, 2006.
William Anders, born in British Hong Kong, retired on September 01, 1969. William Anders and Frank Borman were crew members of Apollo 8, the backup pilot of which was Buzz Aldrin. NASA operated Apollo 8.
Beef kway teow comes from Singapore, the leader of which is Halimah Yacob.
All India Council for Technical Education, which is in Mumbai, gave the status of 'Technical Campus' to Acharya Institute of Technology, which offers Tennis as a sport. Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The Visvesvaraya Technological University is in Belgaum. The governing body of Tennis is the International Tennis Federation.
Adare Manor is in County Limerick, which is part of Munster.
Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool. A.F.C. Blackpool play their home games in Blackpool and he played for KV Mechelen and Chesterfield F.C.. Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool.
The escape velocity of 1097 Vicia, the temperature of which is 171 kelvins, is 0.0112 kilometres per second. The apoapsis of 1097 Vicia is 511,592,000 kilometres.
Ajoblanco, found in Andalusia, comes from Spain. It contains water.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, the leader of which is Barack Obama. Asian Americans are an ethnic group of the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C..
Shumai can be a variation of Batagor. Shumai contains shiitake.
Michele Marcolini, born in Italy, is the manager of A.C. Lumezzane. He played for Torino F.C. and F.C. Bari 1908.
Adisham Hall is in Haputale.
The Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia.
Baked Alaska, found in Hong Kong, comes from France, the leader of which is Gérard Larcher. The French language is spoken in France. Carrie Lam is the leader of Hong Kong.
AZAL PFK play in Azerbaijan Premier League, the champions of which are Qarabağ FK. Their stadium has 3,500 seats. AZAL PFK play their home games in AZAL Arena.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland, Ticino. It has 600 students and was established in 1996. Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland, which the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland governs.
Bhajji, the main ingredients in which are gram flour and vegetables, is found in Karnataka. It contains gram flour.
The length of the runway at Atlantic City International Airport is 3,048. Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, which is part of New Jersey. Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey is in the United States.
Bionico comes from Mexico, the leader of which is Enrique Peña Nieto.
James Craig Watson, who graduated from University of Michigan, discovered 103 Hera. He died of Peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
The stadium of AFC Ajax has 5,000 seats.
Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman created Bibbo Bibbowski, the full name of which is Bo Bibbowski.
20 Fenchurch Street is in London, which the European Parliament governs.
John van den Brom, who played for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap, is the manager of AZ Alkmaar.
The periapsis of 109 Felicitas is 283,326,000,000.
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka.
Mahé, India is located to the northwest of Kerala.
William Anders, who was a crew member of Apollo 8, was born in British Hong Kong.
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan governs Azerbaijan.
The length of the runway at Ardmore Airport is 1,411. Its third runway is made of poaceae. Ardmore Airport is 34 metres above the sea level. The name of its runway is 03L/21R.
BLT contains tomato.
United States Air Force, which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the Korean War, operates Al Asad Airbase.
B.M. Reddy is the president of Acharya Institute of Technology, which is in Bangalore, India. The Acharya Institute of Technology has 700 postgraduate students. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The main ingredients in Beef kway teow, which comes from Singapore and Indonesia, are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, the leader of which is John Roberts. African Americans are an ethnic group of the United States.
Gus Poyet played for AEK Athens F.C..
Live Nation Entertainment is in Beverly Hills, California.
Alan Shepard, who died in California, graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M.A. He is a test pilot. He was born in New Hampshire.
AFC Ajax play their home games in Sportpark De Toekomst. The tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst is Jong Ajax.
The orbital period of 101 Helena is 1,516.6700000000003 days.
Alan B. Miller Hall, which Robert A. M. Stern designed, is in Virginia. It houses the Mason School of Business. Mason School of Business is in the United States.
Elliot See, who died in St. Louis, graduated from University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with University of Texas System. St. Louis is part of Kingdom of France.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is in Azerbaijan, is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Duncan Rouleau, who is from Americans, created Baymax, which is a character in Big Hero 6. Jamie Chung stars in Big Hero 6.
United States Air Force operates Al Asad Airbase, which is in Iraq. The length of its runway is 3,078.48.
103 Colmore Row, completed in 1976, is in Birmingham. Its construction began in 1973. 103 Colmore Row has 23 floors.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 staff members.
The latin name of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University, which is in Romania, is Universitas Apulensis. The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle.
The length of the runway at Ardmore Airport is 1,411. Its third runway is made of poaceae. Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand operates Ardmore Airport, which is 34 metres above the sea level. The name of its runway is 03R/21L.
Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, is in Avenue A. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980.
Live Nation Entertainment owns the 3Arena, which is in Dublin. Dublin is in the Republic of Ireland.
The main runway of Alderney Airport is made of poaceae. The length of its runway is 733. The Alderney Airport serves Alderney.
A.D. Isidro Metapán, the full name of which is Isidro Metapán, play their home games in Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez. Their stadium has 10,000 seats.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is made of Red granite and white marble, is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Buzz Aldrin, whom NASA selected in 1963, is from the United States. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Alan B. Miller Hall, completed on June 01, 2009, is in Virginia. It houses the Mason School of Business. Mason School of Business is in the United States.
Alan Shepard, who is a test pilot, died in California. He was born in New Hampshire.
Arròs negre, the main ingredients in which are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers, comes from Spain. It is found in Catalonia and contains cubanelle.
N. R. Pogson, born in Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla. He is from England.
Amdavad ni Gufa, which is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, is in Gujarat.
The average speed of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 kilometres per second.
William Anders was the backup pilot of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin, who was a crew member of Apollo 11, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He is retired. He is from the United States. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963. William Anders was the backup pilot of Apollo 11. NASA operated Apollo 11.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, the leader of which is Barack Obama. White Americans are an ethnic group of the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C.. The English language is spoken in the United States.
Adisham Hall, the architectural style of which is Tudor Revival architecture, is in Sri Lanka. It was completed in 1931. Its construction began in 1927.
110 Lydia was last seen on December 31, 2006.
Bakewell pudding, a variation of which bakewell tart can be, is found in Derbyshire Dales. Bakewell tart contains shortcrust pastry. Derbyshire Dales is part of Derbyshire.
The mass of 101 Helena, the escape velocity of which is 0.0348 kilometres per second, is 3 kilograms. The apoapsis of 101 Helena is 441,092,000 kilometres.
James Craig Watson, who is from Canada, discovered 103 Hera, last seen on August 27, 2011. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Live Nation Entertainment owns the 3Arena, which is in Dublin. Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin. Dublin is part of the Republic of Ireland.
James Craig Watson, who died of Peritonitis, discovered 101 Helena.
Beef kway teow, the main ingredients in which are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil, comes from Singapore. It is found in Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia and contains oyster sauce.
United States Air Force, which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the Operation Enduring Freedom, operates Al Asad Airbase. It has an attack aircraft called Lockheed AC-130. It uses the Lockheed C-130 Hercules as aircraft transport.
Cake can be a variation of Dessert. Bionico is a dessert.
N. R. Pogson discovered 107 Camilla and 107 Camilla was discovered on November 17, 1868. N. R. Pogson, born in Nottingham, died in Chennai. He is from England.
(19255) 1994 VK8, the orbital period of which is 8,788,850,000, was last seen on December 31, 2006. Its periapsis is 6,155,910,000,000. The apoapsis of (19255) 1994 VK8 is 6,603,633,000 kilometres.
Michele Marcolini, born in Italy, is the manager of A.C. Lumezzane. He played for Torino F.C. and A.C. Chievo Verona.
NASA selected Buzz Aldrin in 1963.
1097 Vicia, the escape velocity of which is 0.0112 kilometres per second, was last seen on December 31, 2006. Its mass is 9.8 kilograms. The orbital period of 1097 Vicia is 135,589,000. The apoapsis of 1097 Vicia is 511,592,000 kilometres.
Andrews County Airport, which is 973 metres above the sea level, is in Texas. The length of its runway is 1,773.
